"Cybersix" (1999)

Cybersix is the name of a powerful advanced female genetic construct 
android who is the creation of malevolent scientist named Von Richter. He 
considers her a failed creation owing to her indomitable free will and she 
was forced to escape to avoid termination by her creator. Now she hides in 
regular society as a male teacher named Adrienne Seideleman, but she stalks 
the night as a caped superhero. Vowing eternal opposition to the plans of 
her creator and his henchmen, she protects her new found world and friend 
and seeks the humanity that her creator denied from her. 
Cybersix is the name of genetically created female made by the malicious 
Dr.Von Reichter. She is one of many individuals in the "Cyber-series" who 
are all ultimately terminated because of their innate humanity and sense of 
good. However, before she can be destroyed, she escapes from Von Reichter 
and hides in regular society disguised as a male high school teacher, 
Adrian Seidelman. She eventually teams up with "Data 7", another of Von 
Reichter's creations. Data 7 is, in fact, her brother Cyber 29, who was 
killed in an accident and had his consciousness transplanted into a 
panther. Together, they work to thwart the plans of Von Reichter, his son 
Jose and their genetic mutation army. Throughout, Cybersix tries to 
maintain her secret identity from her close friend and co-worker, Lucas 
Amato. As well, she constantly debates her existence and what it all means, 
since she knows full well that she is not actually human, but a genetic 
creation. 
