"Man from Atlantis" (1977)

Mark Harris is the lone survivor of the legendary sunken continent of 
Atlantis. Having adapted to life underwater, Mark possesses webbed hands, 
light-sensitive eyes, and the ability to swim at low depths in the sea for 
long periods. He draws strength from water and can overpower most ordinary 
men. Mark assists an institute for undersea research operated by his human 
friends, Dr. Elizabeth Merrill and C.W. Crawford, and joins Dr. Merrill in 
several exploratory missions aboard a high-tech submarine. They encounter 
several bizarre phenomena, including portals leading to other dimensions, a 
substance capable of altering personalities, an impish creature whose touch 
causes a mental return to childhood, and the scheme of a portly 
millionaire, Mr. Schubert, to melt the polar icecaps. 
A man found in the water is brought to an emergency room. Dr. Elizabeth 
Merrill who was called in to look at him discovers that he is not human, he 
needs to be placed in the water to live like a fish. His physiology is 
different, he has webbed hands and is sensitive to light, when he is in the 
water he is strong and when he is out of the water for a long time, he 
could die. They believe that he comes from the undersea civilization of 
Atlantis. They give him the name Mark Harris. Now he and Elizabeth go out 
in a special submarine and discover strange things. He would occasionally 
run into Mr. Schubert, a devious man, who is coming up with a new scheme 
that Mark always thwarts. 
