"Mission Man Band" (2007)

During their Golden Age in the '90s, boy bands reigned supreme and the 
likes of Backstreet Boys, N*SYNC, 98 Degrees and O'Town ruled the airwaves, 
spawning a legion of imitators that seemed to multiply unchecked. As part 
of the boy band club, they sang, danced, and for half a decade maintained a 
stranglehold on their massive and overwhelmingly female audience. But 
musical trends are fickle and change overnight and the boy band phenomenon 
couldn't last. Suddenly, a whole generation of former boy band heartthrobs 
found themselves looking toward life after 'teen idol-dom.' VH1's new 
series "Mission: Man Band" dares to ask the question, "Can four grown up 
boy band heartthrobs join forces to capture new fame and fortune?" Four boy 
band legends: Chris Kirkpatrick (N*SYNC); Jeff Timmons (98 Degrees); Rich 
Cronin (LFO) and Bryan Abrams (Color Me Badd) will live together for one 
month, create new music, a dynamic stage show and perform as a new pop 
group. Each member of the band finds himself at a different stage in his 
career. Some are confident, financially comfortable and just looking to 
make new music. Some have been forced to take a day job and still others 
may have faced profound life challenges like divorce and illness. Now with 
20/20 hindsight, can they avoid the pitfalls of the past? If they are given 
all of the tools will they let go of old baggage, move forward and make 
fresh pop magic for a brand new audience? With a second chance at 
pop-stardom, will these former teen idols be able to transform their 
destiny or will their egos stand in their way? In the end, we will find out 
if our boy band alumni are able to recreate the magic that made them stars 
in the first place. See what happens when all that potentially stands in 
their way is themselves 
