"Monk" (2002)

Former police detective Adrian Monk ('Tony Shalhoub'(qv)) has suffered from 
intensified obsessive- compulsive disorder and a variety of phobias since 
the murder of his wife, Trudy, in 1997. Despite his photographic memory and 
his amazing ability to piece tiny clues together, he is now on psychiatric 
leave from the San Francisco Police Department. Aided by his friend and 
practical nurse, Sharona Fleming ('Bitty Schram'(qv)), Monk works as a 
freelance detective/consultant, hoping to convince his former boss, Captain 
Stottlemeyer ('Ted Levine'(qv)), to allow him to return to the force. 
Stottlemeyer wavers between admiration for Monk and annoyance at his 
eccentricities. Moreover, he harbors serious doubts about the wisdom of 
allowing Monk to carry a gun. Stottlemeyer's second-in-command, Lieutenant 
Disher ('Jason Gray-Stanford'(qv)), also has his doubts about Monk but 
seems to be developing a reluctant admiration for the "defective 
detective." 
Detective Adrian Monk used to have a minor case of obsessive-compulsive 
disorder. Then, the murder of his wife and his inability to solve the case 
exacerbated his condition to the point where he finds it impossible to 
function in society without assistance. He hires Sharona Fleming, a nurse 
and single mother, as his personal assistant, as well as his Watson for 
when he investigates cases the police can't solve to pay the bills. After 
three seasons Sharona got tired of the frustrating job and remarried her 
husband. Monk's new assistant is Natalie Teeger, whose loss of her own 
partner allows her a deeper bond with him than Sharona could ever have. 
