"Robotech" (1985)

In the year 1999, an alien battle-fortress crashes on an island in the 
Pacific. Over the next ten years, mankind repairs and refits this fortress, 
using the advanced "robo-technology" found aboard it to create fighter 
planes that can transform into giant robots. As soon as the repaired 
fortress is ready for launch, the aliens to whom it belongs finally 
discover its location. Thus begins a series of wars that will devastate the 
planet earth. This television series was created by Carl Macek from three 
Japanese television series, Super Dimensional Fortress Macross, Super 
Dimensional Cavalry Southern Cross, and Genesis Climber Mospeada. 
Robotech is three Japanese Animation titles (Macross, Army of the Southern 
Cross, and Mospeda) that were put together and dubbed into English. The 
plot follow three generations of humans. A "war movie", Robotech starts 
with an alien starship landing on Earth. Humans rebuild the ship and learn 
parts of its technology. When a race of giants comes looking for the ship, 
the humans defeat them by using human emotions and music to off balance 
them. The 2nd Generation is about their children, while the parents have 
gone to find the homeworld of the giant soldiers' makers, the Robotech 
Masters. The Masters have come to Earth, however, and the Southern Cross 
must fight them off. The 3rd Generation is about the space-going humans 
coming back home to find out Earth has been taken over by yet another alien 
species. Throughout the series a mysterious power source, Protoculture, and 
its technological use, called Robotechnology, is paramount. A "serious" 
cartoon, Robotech deals with the causes and consequences of war on people. 
