"Superbook" (2011)

In 1981, the Christian Broadcasting Network created a children animated 
Bible series as part of an outreach to the nation of Japan. Little did we 
realize what impact the series would have in Japan and throughout the 
world. The English name for this series was "Superbook". Research performed 
during and after the outreach showed that this series was an unprecedented 
success. Superbook, also known as Animated Parent and Child Theater (Anime 
Oyako Gekijo), is an anime television series produced by Tatsunoko 
Productions in Japan in conjunction with the Christian Broadcasting Network 
in the United States. Over 8 million people a night watched Superbook on 
Japanese prime-time television, 104 episodes were produced and aired on 
television throughout Japan, and the Bible became the best selling book in 
Japan. From Japan, the Superbook series went on to air throughout the world 
from Asia to North America. By 1989, in the midst of economic and political 
turmoil, Superbook began broadcasting in the Soviet Union to astounding 
results. Superbook aired during prime-time on the Soviet National Channel. 
CBN received over 6 million letters from children, introducing a whole 
generation to the Bible. Even today the Superbook Kids Club is one of the 
highest rated live action children programs in Ukraine. Since first airing 
in Japan, the Superbook series has now been broadcast in over 106 
countries, translated into 43 languages and has been viewed by over a half 
billion people. But, because of today's new storytelling technology, the 
original series is losing appeal with this media savvy generation. To solve 
this problem, CBN is producing a re-imagined, 3D animated version of 
Superbook. The pilot episode is the story of David and Goliath. Our goal is 
to produce a new series that will honor the life-changing legacy of the 
original series and re-introduce it to a new generation. 
