"The Magic Garden" (1972)

This was a 30 minute weekday childrens' show which aired on WPIX Channel 11 
from 1972 to 1984, and was at some point syndicated nationally. The show 
concerned two women, Carol and Paula, who sat around the Magic Garden, 
singing, telling jokes, acting out stories, and talking with puppets 
Sherlock (a squirrel) and Flapper (a bird). 
The Magic Garden, one of the most successful, locally produced children's 
television shows in the country, was broadcast on WPIX New York, from the 
early 1970's to the mid 1980's. Fifty-two half-hour episodes and a one hour 
holiday special were created to meet FCC requirements as set forth in the 
Children's Television Act of that time. Stars Carole Demas and Paula Janis 
helped create the show. In a colorful garden setting they brought stories, 
songs, games, lessons and laughter to their devoted fans. Critical acclaim 
followed quickly from many publications including The New York Daily News 
and Television/Radio Age. In addition, Carole and Paula's work on the show 
was commended by various luminaries in the field of Early Childhood 
Education and Development, among them: The Chairperson of Brooklyn College 
Early Childhood Education Division, and the Coordinator of Child Psychology 
at Lenox Hill Hospital, New York. They received citations from Action for 
Children's Television and Children's Television Workshop. Ratings were 
equal to or exceeded those of Sesame Street and other shows of this genre 
(Mr. Rogers Neighborhood, Romper Room, Captain Kangaroo, etc.). 
