"The Reel Show with Kristina Michelle" (2011)

When people think of entertainment, they think of movies, which usually 
makes them think of Hollywood. What they don't know is that many films are 
being made right outside their door. A lot of independent filmmakers have 
the heart, passion and dedication it takes to produce incredible films, but 
that work is staying in their circle of the film world. Our goal at The 
Reel Show is to bring filmmakers a place to showcase their hard work, not 
just around the country but around the world. We want to connect crew, 
actors, stuntpeople, film scorers, makeup artists, producers, directors, 
film students and anyone involved in indie filmmaking with like-minded 
individuals and kindred spirits, to expand their circle into a worldwide 
web of connections. Our show brings you an opportunity unlike any other. 
You'll see live interviews, short films, exclusive footage and sneak peeks, 
and hear the latest film news. It's all brought to you right at home when 
you watch The Reel Show! 
When people think of entertainment, they think of movies, which usually 
makes them think of Hollywood. What they don't know is that many films are 
being made right outside their door. A lot of independent filmmakers have 
the heart, passion and dedication it takes to produce incredible films, but 
that work is staying in their circle of the film world. Our goal at The 
Reel Show is to bring filmmakers a place to showcase their hard work, not 
just around the country but around the world. We want to connect crew, 
actors, stuntpeople, film scorers, makeup artists, producers, directors, 
film students and anyone involved in indie filmmaking with like-minded 
individuals and kindred spirits, to expand their circle into a worldwide 
web of connections. Our show brings you an opportunity unlike any other. 
You'll see short films, exciting interviews, exclusive footage and sneak 
peeks, and hear the latest film news. It's all brought to you right at home 
when you watch The Reel Show! 
