"Tinik sa dibdib" (2009)

Tinik sa Dibdib unveils the plight of Lorna who works to support her 
family. Her father Tiburcio is a drunkard and a womanizer, while her mother 
Candida is sick and weak-willed. To avoid her problems at home, Lorna 
leaves and becomes a stay-in helper in a beauty parlor. It is there that 
she meets Lando, a security guard who falls in love with her. Lorna 
believes that her marriage will be the key to the happiness and freedom 
she's been longing for. Little does she know that her marriage with Lando 
will only be the beginning of the most excruciating days of her life. She 
discovers, while living with Lando, that life with his family is more 
agonizing than living with her own family. From the day she first sets foot 
in Lando's house, she falls in bad terms with his stepmother Trixie, while 
Trixie's sister Moret keeps trying to get her to leave them. Lorna soon 
understands Moret's reason for wanting her to leave, and a dark secret will 
destroy the marriage she considers as her only source of happiness. But by 
this time, will it be too late for Lorna to leave? Will she still find love 
and happiness that she really needs? 
Lorna has always been the bread winner of her almost parasitic family. She 
already sacrificed even the education she deserves and the man that she 
loves. She fought for the new man in her life named Lando, even if it means 
getting the ire of her mother and leaving their house. She thought he could 
save her from the kind of life she has, little does she know the new house 
she will live in has more twisted secrets inside. Lorna will try to figure 
out the mystery between her husband and her step-mother in-law Trixie, her 
only key is her crazy sister in law, Corazon (or Moret). The revelation 
will only bring her more thorns in her heart. 
