3 Ninjas (1992)

Each year, three brothers Samuel, Jeffrey and Michael Douglas visits their 
Japanese grandfather, Mori Shintaro whom the boys affectionately refer to 
as Grandpa, for the summer. Mori is a highly skilled in the fields of 
Martial arts and Ninjutsu, and for years he has trained the boys in his 
techniques. After an organized crime ring proves to be too much for the 
FBI, it's time for the 3 brother NINJAS! To use their martial arts skills, 
they team up to battle the crime ring and outwit some very persistent 
kidnappers! 
Meet Samuel, Jeffrey and Michael Douglas! Their grandfather, Mori Tanaka, 
is highly skilled in the fields of Martial Arts and Ninjitsu. And for years 
he's been training these boys this technique. He even gave them names: 
Rocky because he's "solid and cool as granite rock"; Colt, because he's 
"fast and free, a spirit of a young wild horse"; and Tum Tum because 
ambition begins and ends with his tummy". But one day, an old "friend" of 
Grandpa's, Hugo Snyder, is heard from again. He's being hassled by the FBI, 
and the boys' father happens to be an FBI officer. So Snyder figures if he 
kidnaps the father's kids, it will ease the tension, none of his own men 
are suitable for the task, so he hires three dim and incredibly incompetent 
surfers to do the deed. The boys treat them to a night of Ninja moves and 
hilarious gags, ala Home Alone. But the boys soon get captured by Snyder, 
and what is more, they (especially Colt) becomes doubtful of their 
grandfather, until Grandpa bursts into action and fights Snyder. 
Three young brothers, who have been trained in ninja techniques from an 
early age, learn that they possess powers which evil crooks would like to 
control. When a kidnap is attempted, they must defend themselves using all 
their skills. 
