A California Love Story (1911)

Pequita, a Mexican girl, is greeted by the padre of the mission. Melton 
Porter, an artist, lately arrived at the mission, is seated at his easel, 
and glancing around spies Pequita. He approaches her. At first she feigns 
indignation, but he eventually engages her in conversation, and within a 
short time they become fast friends. Pequita trusts Porter, trusted him 
with her honor: she loved him, and like other trustful girls, she soon 
realizes her error, and going to the artist, entreats him to save her 
honor. This he refuses to do, and leaving him in despair, goes to the 
padre, making a full confession of her guilt. He bids her go tell all to 
her mother, and Manuel, the brother, always distrustful, follows, overhears 
the conversation, and swears revenge. Pequita and Porter go for a walk by 
the sea. Here she makes a final appeal. Again he refuses to protect her, 
and bids her to go. Manuel (who has been following and watching all the 
while), intercepts her, and again hears the story of her shame. Porter, 
apparently deeply moved by his dishonorable action, remains standing on the 
beach, when Manuel, who has been watching him from the cliff, takes aim and 
fires. Porter falls, badly wounded. Pequita is broken hearted, and going to 
the padre for consolation, learns that the wounded man will live. With 
careful nursing, at the end of two weeks, Porter is convalescent, his heart 
has softened, and he decides to atone for his wrong doings. The padre 
unites them, gives them his blessing, and they go thoughtfully on their 
way. 
