A Reasonable Man (1999)

A Reasonable Man tells the story of a city lawyer who comes across the case 
of a herdboy from remote, rural Zululand, who has killed a one year old 
baby in the mistaken belief that he was killing an evil spirit, known 
throughout Southern Africa as the "Tikoloshe". Dark Secrets which lie 
buried deep within the lawyer connect him to the boy. He takes the case and 
enters a world of African witchcraft and mysticism to discover the truth 
about the killing - and himself. 
With the trauma of 1988 Angola still deep within his mind, army 
officer-turned-lawyer, Sean Raine (Gavin Hood), now married to Jennifer 
(Janine Eser), unexpectedly comes across a crime scene. There a young 
cowherd, Sipho Mbombela (Loyiso Gxwala), armed with a bloody hatchet, has 
admitted to killing a baby in 1998 Zululand. Sean decides to defend him and 
finds out that Sipho had killed the baby believing it to be Tikoloshe - an 
evil spirit, and the baby's genitals had been cut-off. As the trial 
progresses, Sean finds himself at loggerheads - not only with his 
uncooperative client, whose very own mother refuses to see him, but also 
Judge Wendon (Nigel Hawthorne) - who not only warns but may also cite him 
for contempt - as he tries to prove that demonic possession persists not 
only locally but also in all major religions worldwide - including 
Buddhism, Christianity, Hinduism, Judaism, and Islam - while seeking 
personal treatment from a local witch-doctor, Sangoma Rachel Ndlovu (Nandi 
Nyembe). 
