A Shot in the Dark (1964)

When rich M. Ballon's spanish driver is found shot dead, Inspector Jacques 
Clouseau is the first official on the scene. All evidence suggests Maria 
Gambrelli, the maid, to be the murderer. But Clouseau, being attracted to 
the beautiful girl, is convinced that she is hiding something. So, he has 
her released from jail and tries to follow her secretly. Things do not work 
out the way the inspector wanted and people keep being murdered, and each 
time innocent Maria seems to be the killer. But with someone important 
wanting Clouseau and nobody else to cover this case, his 
tolerance-challenged boss Charles Dreyfuss is close to losing his mind when 
casualties keep turning up. And Clouseau keeps on causing trouble without 
knowing it... 
The famous French detective, Inspector Jacques Clouseau, investigates the 
murder of a man at a country house. The owner of the house always seems to 
know more than he should, and although the evidence continually suggests 
that the maid Maria committed the crime, Clouseau always does the opposite 
expected of him, much to the disgruntlement of his superior, Dreyfus. 
Inspector Clouseau is called to a country house where a murder was 
committed and finds that every clue points to the beautiful maid, Maria. As 
the bodies accumulate, each set of clues always points to Maria, and 
Cluseau continues to release her and escort her around town. The famous 
scene in this film is the murder in the Nudist Camp which causes the 
Inspector and Maria to attempt an escape through Paris without clothes. 
