Addams Family Values (1993)

On any day of the week, you could expect a newborn baby to be nurtured and 
loved by his older sister. Except, of course, if it's Wednesday. Pubert is 
the latest addition to the Addams family and, to prevent sibling rivalry 
escalating to fratricide, Wednesday and Pugsley are shipped off to summer 
camp and a nanny is hired. Debby Jellinsky is great with wrinkling baldies, 
which makes her the perfect nanny for Pubert and the unlikely wife of Uncle 
Fester. The question is..."Is she grave-digging or gold-digging?" 
Uncle fester finds true love (or is it ?) in Debbie, the Addamses's new 
babysitter, hired to care for the Addams' latest addition, Pubert. Debbie 
has her eye on Fester's money, but first she has to separate him from the 
rest of the family, while Wednesday and Pugsley are sent to a summer camp. 
Pugsley and Wednesday Addams aren't very happy with the new addition to the 
family: their new baby brother, Pubert. Morticia is restless, and Gomez 
only wants her to be happy, so he tries to fix everyone's problems by 
hiring a nanny. The Addams' finally find the perfect nanny in Debbie: a 
seemingly innocent woman with an impeccable wardrobe and a way with her 
hands. She charms the family, especially Uncle Fester, who is 
head-over-heels for her. However, Wednesday and Pugsley see through her 
sensual facade: Debbie is only after Fester for his money. Before they can 
rat on her, she has the kids sent off to summer camp, as she and Fester get 
married. While she tries (several times) to kill Fester and make it look 
like an accident, Pugsley and Wednesday must battle ever-cheery camp 
directors and spoiled rich kids to get back to their family and warn them 
of Debbie's plans. 
