Apocalypto (2006)

In the Maya civilization, a peaceful tribe is brutally attacked by warriors 
seeking slaves and human beings for sacrifice for their gods. Jaguar Paw 
hides his pregnant wife and his son in a deep hole nearby their tribe and 
is captured while fighting with his people. An eclipse spares his life from 
the sacrifice and later he has to fight to survive and save his beloved 
family. 
A Mayan forest village lives happily and harmoniously, except the mean 
teasing of Blunted's inability to sire. When terrified refugees pass, the 
chief forbids the hunting party to 'spead fear', but the real cause soon 
follows. Their own community is pillaged, the survivors cruelly enslaved 
and dragged away. The chief's proud son Jaguar Paw manages to hide his 
pregnant wife and toddler son, but in an unsafe place. The men are destined 
for bloody sacrifice to the gods in the raider kingdom's 
pestilence-stricken capital. An 'auspicious' solar eclipse renders their 
number superfluous, but the raiders' captain orders them killed as target 
practice. Jaguar Paw survives, killing the captain's son, and may now 
incarnate an apocalyptic prophecy or still perish without saving his 
family, while another danger looms unseen. 
Set in the Mayan civilization, when a man's idyllic presence is brutally 
disrupted by a violent invading force, he is taken on a perilous journey to 
a world ruled by fear and oppression where a harrowing end awaits him. 
Through a twist of fate and spurred by the power of his love for his woman 
and his family he will make a desperate break to return home and to 
ultimately save his way of life. 
