Benjamin Franklin: Scientist and Inventor (1993) (V)

Benjamin Franklin knows that a traveling show "magician" is using an 
electromagnetic generating machine to perform the "tricks." Intrigued by 
the possibilities of electricity, Franklin buys the machine. On a wall at 
his home, hang Franklin's "many hats." He is- or has been - a diplomat, 
inventor, printer, postmaster and fire chief. Now he contemplates the power 
of electricity. He doesn't know what to do with it, but he knows it is 
important. "The power of the future," he says, "the friend of mankind." But 
right now mankind in Philadelphia is threatened by a series of 
thunderstorms. With regularity, lightning strikes, setting fires all over 
the town. Franklin's fire department, although equipped with the latest 
18th Century fire-fighting equipment, is helpless against its power. 
Meanwhile, Franklin continues to play with electricity. He begins to 
understand how electricity flows from one place to another. Another 
lightning bolt sets fire to yet another house. Justice Hill declares that 
lightning is a "judgment from God against our wicked ways." Franklin, a man 
of deep faith and a man of science, doesn't think so. He observes that 
lightning tends to strike only the tallest buildings in an area. A short 
time later, on a night when lightning is setting fires everywhere, Franklin 
has a revelation. What if lightning were electricity? Then it might be 
controlled. Franklin conducts his famous experiment. Flying a kite in a 
thunderstorm, he confines the power of a lightning bolt in a leydon jar, a 
type of early storage battery. Now he knows how to control electricity. 
With lightning rods on top of their buildings and iron cables going down to 
the earth, the people of Philadelphia are protected. 
