Big Boy Rides Again (1935)

Receiving an urgent letter from his father to return home, Tom Duncan 
arrives to find him murdered. When his servant and then his sidekick 
disappear, Tom sees a masked stranger leaving the ranch and chases him. But 
the stranger's men are waiting and Tom soon finds himself a prisoner. 
Grouchy old rancher John Duncan has hidden $50,000 and is writing a note 
telling of its hiding place, but is murdered by a mysterious cloaked 
intruder known as The Phantom, before he can finish the line..."if you will 
follow...". His son Tom Duncan with his pal Windy comes to town seeking 
revenge on the killer of his father. He has several suspects---ranch 
foreman Scarface; ranch cook Sing Fat; lawyer Burt Hartecker and 
neighboring rancher Tap Smiley, who didn't like the father and likes the 
son even less because he is trifling around (or something) with Tap's 
daughter, Nancy. But a couple of them disappear, possibly---it's hard to 
tell since most of the film contains the most confused editing continuity 
in the history of B-westerns and the 5th worse bar fight in the genre (the 
first four occur in Victor Adamson films). Sing Fat is the most obvious red 
herring, especially after he poisons a dog for no apparent reason since he 
isn't the killer and didn't poison the old man afterwards anyway. To find 
the money, follow the matches. Sing Fat is smirking around at the end 
indicating he thinks there is still a reel to go. This was remade as an 
entry in Monogram's Range Busters' series as "Saddle Mountain Roundup" but 
"Big Boy Rides Again" writer William L. Nolte, serving as production 
manager of "Saddle Mountain Roundup", wisely chose to let writers Earl 
Snell and John Vlahos take the blame on the remake. 
