Black Magic (1949)

Giuseppe Balsamo detto Cagliostro, zingaro e mago, vuole vendicarsi del 
visconte di Montagne, che ha torturato, in passato, lui e la sua famiglia. 
Usando i suoi poteri ipnotici, Cagliostro spinge il visconte al suicidio. 
Dopo un matrimonio fallito (sua moglie ama Gilbert, un ufficiale della 
guardia della Regina) e dopo essere stato smascherato in pubblico dal 
dottor Mesmer, famoso ipnotista, viene ucciso in duello sui tetti dal 
capitano delle guardie. 
Novelist Alexander Dumas tells his writer-son of Joseph Balsamo, a gypsy 
boy in southern France who was embittered because his parents were 
wrongfully hanged and he himself was tortured by the order of Viscount de 
Montagne. Years later, the man, a carnival charlatan, attracts the 
attention of Dr. Mesmer, a pioneer in the study of hypnotism. Balsamo 
rejects Mesmer's plea that he use his power for healing and, instead, 
decides to use it to seek wealth and fame. He changes his name to Count 
Cagliostro, and achieves fame throughout Europe by mixing hypnotism with 
mysticism and showmanship. He is called to cure a girl, Lorenza, held by De 
Montagne, because she resembles Marie Antoinette, wife of the heir to the 
throne of France. Cagliostro decides to join De Montagne and Madame du 
Barry in a plot to seize the power by discrediting the future Queen. 
Cagliostro achieves his revenge on De Montagne by persuading him to hang 
himself. He make Lorenza marry him but can never make her love him. Her 
love if for Gilbert de Rezel, the captain of Marie Antoinette's guard. In a 
dramatic court scene, Cagliostro's power of hypnotism is turned against him 
by Dr. Mesmer and he is seen as a madman. His faithful gypsy friends, 
Gitano and Zoraida, try to help him escape but he is killed by de Rezel in 
a roof-top duel. 
