Blood & Donuts (1995)

In 1994, in Toronto, the vampire Boya awakens from his twenty-five years of 
sleep in a basement hit by a golf ball. He takes a cab to the local 
cemetery, retrieves his belongings from a grave and lodges in a low budget 
hotel nearby an all-night donut shop. Boya does not drink human blood 
anymore but rats and pigeons blood instead. While in the donut shop, Boya 
befriends and protects the taxi driver Earl, who is having trouble with two 
criminals, and falls in love for the waitress Molly. Meanwhile, his former 
passion of 1969, Rita, who misses her lost youth, is trying to locate him. 
Boya, a vampire who went to sleep in 1969, is awakened in modern day 
Toronto by a stray golf ball. He becomes involved in the lives of a hapless 
cabby, an all-night donut shop clerk, a few local criminals, and his 
ex-lover from the 60's. 
A vampire named Boya is awakened from his sleep by a golf ball. He has not 
been awake since 1969, and marvels at his new surroundings. He does not 
feed on humans but instead on rats and animals. He meets up with a cab 
driver who is in trouble with some criminals, and a female donut shop 
worker who gets stuck in the middle. Befriending them both, they take on 
each others problems as he tries to protect them and at the same time 
endangers them by bringing them to the attention of an ex lover from years 
past, who has been seeking him since they parted. Now they must all form a 
bond of survival, instinct, passion, blood, and donuts. 
