C'era una volta il West (1968)

Story of a young woman, Mrs. McBain, who moves from New Orleans to frontier 
Utah, on the very edge of the American West. She arrives to find her new 
husband and family slaughtered, but by who? The prime suspect, coffee-lover 
Cheyenne, befriends her and offers to go after the real killer, assassin 
gang leader Frank, in her honor. He is accompanied by Harmonica on his 
quest to get even. Get-rich-quick subplots and intricate character 
histories intertwine with such artistic flair that this could in fact be 
the movie-to-end-all-movies. 
The sprawling railways are reaching the far-west, and somewhere along its 
way, in a small border town, the paths of the four main characters are 
going to cross and clash: a young woman looking for a fresh start; an 
outlaw on the run accused of a crime (this time) he didn't commit; a 
ruthless killer on the payroll of the railroad tycoon; and a mysterious man 
with no name who plays a couple of sad chords on a harmonica... and a 
couple of "Bangs!" on a revolver. 
A mysterious stranger with a harmonica joins forces with a notorious 
desperado to protect a beautiful widow from a ruthless assassin working for 
the railroad in this long frontier epic. Mysterious pasts and the strength 
of loyalties is explored amid lightning fast gun battles and stylish 
vistas. 
Frank, a gunslinger, is hired by the powerful owner of a railroad 
conglomerate to kill anyone who derails the project. But Frank contends 
with the wrong person when he murders Brett, a landowner. After his death, 
Brett's wife demands revenge, hiring 2 renegades to go after Frank. 
