Canoa (1976)

A group of students take a bus to go to a small town, in order to finish a 
professional practice. All of them are friends, and they decide to sing 
some modern songs, while the other passengers are trying to sleep. One of 
the passengers gets angry and shouts "stop rowing", so they shut up. But 
when they arrive in the town, and after knowing the incident, everybody 
treats them as if they were criminals. 
A group of students arrives in a small town during a hiking expedition. 
Once there, the local priest accuses them of being communist agitators on 
the run from an army crack-down against student demonstrations in nearby 
Mexico City and rallies the townsfolk to lynch them. Based on true facts 
occurred in the town of Canoa in 1968. 
In 1968, four University of Puebla employees on a mountain climbing trip 
were attacked and beaten, and two people were killed, by the townspeope of 
San Miguel de Canoa. The mob violence was apparently incited by a local 
priest, who had been warning the townspeope that leftists from the city 
would be coming to kill him. Felipe Cazals' retelling of this real-life 
tragedy unfolds as a faux docmuentary. There is a narrator who provides 
context as we are shown a landscape of rural poverty and clerical power. 
Cazals made the film in 1975 as a metaphor for the massacre of students in 
the Plaza de las Tres Culturas in the Mexico City district of Tlatelolco on 
October 2, 1968 a massacre the truth of which is still not known. 
