Cattle Stampede (1943)

Billy the Kid ('Buster Crabbe' (qv)) and Fuzzy Jones ('Al St. John' (qv)) 
are on their way out of Arizona being chased by some riders who hope to 
cash in on the reward money for their capture. They are warned in time by 
Ed Dawson ('Hansel Warner' (qv)), but Ed is wounded in the getaway. They 
get a doctor ('John Elliott (I)' (qv)) to attend to Ed. The latter tells 
them there is a range war in progress across the border and that he is 
looking for men to help make a cattle drive to the rail junction. Agreeing 
to help, they head for the Dawson ranch and run across a Dawson man who has 
been killed from ambush. Mary Dawson ('Frances Gladwin' (qv)), Ed's sister, 
thinks they did it but they convince her of their innocence. The news of 
the killing causes ranch foreman Brandon ('Charles King (II)' (qv)), 
secretly working for the rustlers, to try and get the rest of the Dawson 
hands to quit, but Billy intercedes and agrees to take the cattle through 
for Sam Dawson ('Ed Cassidy (I)' (qv)). Brandon and Coulter 
('Glenn Strange (I)' (qv)) have their henchmen stampede the cattle on the 
drive and Elkins ('Frank Ellis (I)' (qv)), one of Coulter's men, meets with 
Billy after the stampede and suggests his boss will buy up what cattle are 
left. Fuzzy also meets a couple of ranchers who have had the same 
proposition made to them. Coulter later recognizes Billy as the wanted 
Billy the Kid, and makes an offer for them to work together. Billy sees 
this as a way to smash the gang and agrees, provided he gets a cut of the 
Dawson herd. Billy and Fuzzy hold up a stage to keep the cattle money out 
of the hands of the Coulter gang, but Coulter, realizing he has been 
double-crossed, kidnaps Mary. 
