City Lights (1931)

A tramp falls in love with a beautiful blind girl. Her family is in 
financial trouble. The tramp's on-and-off friendship with a wealthy man 
allows him to be the girl's benefactor and suitor. 
Charmingly simple story of The Little Tramp who meets a lovely blind girl 
selling flowers on the sidewalk who mistakes him for a wealthy duke. When 
he learns that an operation may restore her sight, he sets off to earn the 
money she needs to have the surgery. In a series of comedy adventures that 
only Chaplin could pull off, he eventually succeeds, even though his 
efforts land him in jail. While he is there, the girl has the operation and 
afterwards yearns to meet her benefactor. The tear-inducing closing scene, 
in which she discovers that he is not a wealthy duke but only The Little 
Tramp, is one of the highest moments in movies. 
A little tramp living in the big city has a profound effect on two people 
he meets. The first is a wealthy man, who the tramp saves from killing 
himself during the wealthy man's drunken stupor. However, the relationship 
between the wealthy man and the tramp continually changes depending on the 
drunken or sober state of the wealthy man. The second is a poor blind 
flower girl, who lives with her destitute grandmother. The kindness of the 
tramp toward her makes her fall in love with him, as he is with her. By 
circumstance, she believes that he is a wealthy man. When he learns that an 
expensive operation can restore her eyesight, the tramp does whatever he 
can to earn the money to pay for the operation, even if the result is that 
she will find out that he is not the wealthy man she believes and which by 
association may make her change her blind opinion of him. 
