Code of the Range (1936)

In this Charles Starrett western that WAS NOT produced by Peter B. Kyne and 
was solely written by Ford Bebee, although some sources attribute the story 
to Peter B. Kyne because, with his permission and as a selling angle, the 
title shown on the film and all of the posters is "Peter B. Kyne's CODE OF 
THE RANGE." The use of his name was Mr. Kyne's only contribution. Ford 
Beebe's "original screenplay" (he had used it before) finds the cattlemen, 
headed by "Calamity" Parker, opposing the use of their range lands by sheep 
herders, with cattlemen Lee Jamison and Ed Randall in the dissenting 
minority and they offer sheepman Angus McLeod free grazing privileges. 
Saloon owner Barney Ross offers to keep the sheepmen off of the range and 
out of town if each cattleman will pay $500. They agree after he promises 
there will be no bloodshed. Ross then visits bank clerk Quigley, who Ross 
knows has stolen bank funds to cover his gambling losses at Ross' saloon, 
and forces him to forge the name of bank president Adams on a foreclosure 
notice on Jamison's ranch. Ross then buys Jamison's property thereby making 
it impossible for the sheep-herders to use the land for grazing. Calamity's 
daughter Janet works at the bank and is engaged to Jamison but they have 
parted because of a quarrel over the feud. But when Jamison learns that his 
property has been "legally" stolen, Mary, who suspects Ross and Quigley, 
aids him by wiring Adams to return immediately. Jamison, suspecting that 
Ross will have his henchmen take Adams off the stagecoach and kill him, 
beats the gang to the stagecoach, takes Adams and hides him. But Jamison 
has to flee town when Ross tells the townsmen that Jamison took Adams off 
the stage and killed him. But he will return. 
