Code 46 (2003)

Code 46 is a love story set in a Brave New World-type near-future where 
cities are heavily controlled and only accessible through checkpoints. 
People cannot travel unless they have "papeles" (papers in Spanish; words 
and sentences in many languages, especially Spanish, French and Chinese are 
mixed with English in this new world), a special travel permit issued by 
the totalitarian government, the "Sphinx". Outside these cities, the desert 
has taken over and shanty towns are jammed with non-citizens - people 
without IDs forced to live primitive lives. William is a family man who 
works as a government investigator. When he is sent to Shanghai to solve a 
case of fake IDs, he meets a woman named Maria. Although he realizes she is 
behind the forgeries, he cannot help but fall completely in love with her. 
He hides her crime and they have a wild, passionate affair that can only 
last as long as his visa: 24 hours. Back home, William is obsessed with the 
memory of Maria. When the original investigation is inevitably re-opened a 
week later and William is sent back to finish the work he started, he 
tracks her down, only to discover she has been accused of a Code 46 
violation and any further relationship is impossible. 
In a near future, in a world ruled by a totalitarian government, checking 
of the genetic code is mandatory for any type of possible relationship 
between man and woman. The investigator from Seattle William travels to 
Shanghai to investigate the faking and stealing of special Visas (called 
using the Spanish word "papeles"). The main suspect is Maria Gonzales, who 
works in the company Sphinx, but William falls in love for her and protects 
her. They have a passionate one night stand, and sooner they find that they 
are genetically incompatible to each other and they have violated the Code 
46. 
