Colic: dek hen pee (2006)

Colic is a syndrome found in infants, which causes infants to cry 
continuously for hours. The reason behind this illness is usually credited 
by medical expects to a number of factors. However, some people believe 
that it's linked to something supernatural. "Colic" tells a story of a 
couple (Pongpob and Phraeploy) who have a shotgun wedding upon discovering 
that Praeploy has unexpectedly become pregnant. After the wedding, Pongpob 
brings Phraeploy to his mother's suburban home. The night before Praeploy 
delivers the child, the house next to theirs catches on fire. When the baby 
is delivered, and is brought to their house, he screams and cries with no 
reason. The doctor considers the baby has colic, and tells the couple that 
the ailment will disappear when the baby turns 3 to 6 months old. Several 
months later, the baby still hasn't stopped crying...while the family's 
members encounter to mysterious and unexplained experiences. 
When Prae gets pregnant, her boyfriend Pong decides to marry her and they 
move to the house of Pong's mother. When their slow next door neighbor Benn 
gives old newspaper to Prae, her house catches fire and Benn dies totally 
burnt. Prae has a nervous breakdown and delivers her baby, the healthy Pan. 
When Pan is brought home, he uninterruptedly cries. Pong and Prae go to the 
doctor and he believes that baby has colic and will be better after six 
months old. However the baby never stops crying and Pong, his mother, Prae 
and her sister Jean go with the baby to a monk in the temple and to an 
institute seeking an answer. On the eve of Pan's first anniversary, they 
discover that the baby is the reincarnation of an evil spirit and the souls 
of people that he had hurt in his past life want to wound him. 
