Crossing the Rubicon (2002)

Trevor Harrington is so brilliant, he has been identified as a new human 
species. Fortunately, he still has the twenty-three chromosomes necessary 
to breed with humans. In order to propagate this species, the Goodman 
Institute recruits a young girl, Ruby Crawford, to be his breeding partner. 
Just as Ruby falls for Trevor and they begin married life together, the 
media discovers the couple and threatens to endanger their existence by 
overexposure. 
Trevor Harrington, a 16-year-old wunderkind, works in isolation at the 
Goodman Institute, a center for neurological research, just outside 
Talkeetna, Alaska. Trevor, a human mutation, is so incredibly brilliant 
that he's been identified as a new human species. While maintaining a 
rigorous work schedule, trying to solve many of the world's problems, he 
finds time to select the perfect candidate to be his wife and breeding 
partner. Ruby Crawford, a beautiful and brilliant high school senior, is 
brought to the institute under the pretense of visiting a dying boy through 
the Make-A-Wish Foundation. Monica Crawford, her mother, sees this as an 
opportunity for Ruby to broaden her portfolio. Ethan Fiedler, the project 
administrator, requests that Trevor and Ruby meet alone. Into these highly 
charged surroundings comes Trevor. Sooner than he expects, due to Ruby's 
probing, Trevor is forced to tell her the truth about her visit. She has 
been selected to be his breeding partner. After two weeks, Trevor finally 
wins her over. But just as they begin their happily married life, the media 
learns of their existence and serious complications ensue. 
