Daementia (2012)

For nearly a thousand years there have been, across Europe, ritualistic 
sacrifices with the victims being children and teenagers. Five years ago, a 
boy named Eric Frasier witnessed one of these sacrifices and the experience 
has driven him insane. He is now resident in a psychiatric home in a 
district where similar killings have suddenly become increasingly common. 
The investigation into the recent murders is being headed by DI Gabriel, 
assisted by DS Monroe, who has been looking into the pseudo-religious 
background of the sacrifices. They learn of Eric Frasier and a seemingly 
coincidental link between the recent murders and Eric's psychotic episodes. 
Despite Dr Holmwood's insistence that Eric's behaviour could not possibly 
be linked to any of the murders, other than the one he witnessed, Gabriel 
reluctantly allows Monroe to investigate along those lines. Even in the 
face of overwhelming evidence, the detective constable refuses to believe 
that any of the suspects are guilty and instead starts hunting down a man 
that no-one else can see. 
For nearly a thousand years there have been, across Europe, ritualistic 
sacrifices with the victims being children and teenagers. Five years ago, a 
boy named Eric Frasier witnessed one of these sacrifices and the experience 
has driven him insane. He is now resident in a psychiatric home in a 
district where similar killings have suddenly become increasingly common. 
The investigation into the recent murders is being headed by DI Gabriel, 
assisted by DS Monroe, who has been looking into the pseudo-religious 
background of the sacrifices. They learn of Eric Frasier and a seemingly 
coincidental link between the recent murders and Eric's psychotic episodes. 
Despite Dr Holmwood's insistence that Eric's behaviour could not possibly 
be linked to any of the murders, other than the one he witnessed, Gabriel 
reluctantly allows Monroe to investigate along those lines. Even in the 
face of overwhelming evidence, the detective constable refuses to believe 
that any of the suspects are guilty and instead starts hunting down a man 
that no-one else can see. 
