David and Lisa (1962)

The emotional story of a young man in a mental institution for teens who 
begins to understand his psychosis in the environment of others with mental 
and emotional problems. He finds intimacy with Lisa, a young woman 
suffering from schizophrenia. 
The parents of David Clemens send him to a private school that deals with 
youth who have mental illness issues. Outwardly, David's mental health 
issues manifest themselves in not wanting to be touched, as he believes 
human touch will potentially kill him. And he has a recurring dream where 
he chops off the heads of people he knows using the arm of a large clock 
which acts like a guillotine. David does not respond well to authority, has 
a need of precision in his life, and acts with an air of superiority and 
arrogance to those around him. That is why he has made few to no friends at 
the school. The only exception is Lisa Brandt, who he correctly surmises 
suffers from adolescent schizophrenia. Initially, David seems to like Lisa 
solely as a clinical case. However, as he goes through his own counseling 
with the compassionate head of the school, Dr. Swinford, David begins to 
open up emotionally to Lisa, and she to him. Potential problems are David's 
parents, especially his controlling mother who seems to care more about 
what the outside world thinks than if David is truly well, and David 
needing to come to an understanding of what he needs compared to what Lisa 
needs in their fragile mental states. 
