Dead of Night (1945)

Architect Walter Craig, seeking the possibility of some work at a country 
farmhouse, soon finds himself once again stuck in his recurring nightmare. 
Dreading the end of the dream that he knows is coming, he must first listen 
to all the assembled guests' own bizarre tales. 
Walter Craig, an architect, is summoned down to a house called Pilgrim's 
Farm by a prospective client whom he does not know. On arrival he 
experiences strongly the feeling that he has been to the place before. He 
is taken into the house and introduced by his host to a group of people. 
These also are familiar, though none of them appear to know him. After 
somewhat constrained greetings he tells them that he has met them all, and 
the house, and the situation, is a recurring dream. He explains how this 
dream always starts quietly and pleasantly - at the present moment - but 
after a certain small incident invariably begins to darken into ghastly 
nightmare, culminating in horror - a horror of his own creation - from 
which he wakes up sweating with fear. He never remembers his dream for more 
than a few moments after waking, until the next time it occurs. He then 
describes the incident which will mark the turning point of his dream - the 
breaking of a pair of glasses belonging to one of the party, a 
psychiatrist. Increasingly fascinated, the party one by one reveal that 
each has at some time undergone an "inexplicable" experience. The narration 
of these make up the body of the film. 
