Diexodos (2011)

Apostles Galanis is back in action with a new mission to find a business 
man Jack Ioannidis awaits the business man . A woman, Tania, tries to 
destroy his plans by vengeance because of her fathers murder. A vicious 
assessing Alexis follows Tania to stop her. Ellie, Apostolis wife, tries to 
inform her husband to stop his mission because he would be in grave danger. 
Killings and treachery is the easy way to have your blood money in your 
pockets until you are sure that you will find the way out for survival. 
Good versus Evil once again! 
Robert for once again returns back for business to help a woman to destroy 
the plans of Jack Ioannides who's the new mob boss of the underworld in 
Cyprus. Jack tries to avenge the government because they refuse him to get 
advantage the oil that it's being found out of the shores of Limassol. 
Because of that, Jack calls his partner who's a business man in Saudi 
Arabia to bring with him on his arrival to Cyprus an illegal weapon 
(Bombs), so he can destroy the government and the national leaders. But a 
police officer Apostolis Galanis tries to find his partner and to arrest 
him because his black listed for drugs and black money. Tania Mulona 
(Panagiota Monia) is a powerful woman with a lot of money who wants to 
avenge Jack for her father's murder few years ago. She has Andreas who 
helps her by giving her information all about Jacks plans. Tania meets 
Robert by accident and falls in love with him after Robert saves her from a 
cruel assassin that Jack Ioannides has sent for her death. 
