Do Aur Do Paanch (1980)

Vijay and Sunil are tough but kind-hearted burglars who end up at the same 
place same time on every nightly venture. As a result they get caught and 
imprisoned. They hate each other for it. On release Vijay finds out about a 
plot to kidnap a millionaire's (Seth Mathur) son (Bittu) by a underworld 
boss popularly known as 'Uncle' who calls all his henchmen 'Bhatijas' 
(nephew). Vijay decides to try it himself. Uncle has a old enemity with the 
Seth. Due to repeated attempts to kidnap his son, Seth provides elaborate 
security for Bittu all the time. On advice of a school teacher, he gets his 
son admitted at a nearby boarding school. Vijay procures fake certificates 
and joins the boarding school as P.T. Instructor Ram. Meanwhile Sunil gets 
released from Jail and gets adviced by Uncle to join the boarding school as 
Music Teacher Lakshman. The rest of the movie is about how Ram and Lakshman 
try to out-do each other to kidnap the little boy. Ram gets involved with 
Principal's daughter Anju and Lakshman gets involved with a fellow-teacher 
Shalu. All hell breaks loose when Anju and Shalu discover their true 
identity. Now they want them to set the right the wrong. How will Uncle 
take this? Will the ex-burglar turn into nice guys? How do they stop Uncle 
from executing his dirty scheme? 
Two small-time crooks and petty thieves, Sunil and Vijay, have a lot in 
common, although they hate each other's guts. Both land in the same prison; 
both impersonate someone else to get employed in a boys' boarding school; 
both want to abduct a student named Bittoo Mathur for a very large sum of 
money; both have woven tragic-comic background family tales to impress 
their respective girlfriends, Shalu and Anju; both have changed their 
names, while Vijay is Lakhsman, Sunil is now Ram; and both are bent upon 
outwitting the other to abduct Bittoo. Will they be able to succeed? If so, 
who will be the one to abduct Bittoo? 
