El cuarto (2008)

A thriller about the dark and dangerous secrets shared by a 12 year old 
boy, his new teacher and the school principal, a catholic priest. Months 
after the death of his father, Simon (12) discovers the affair his Mother 
(Sarah) is having with a charming but enigmatic new teacher (Mario). The 
boy discovers the teacher's intentions and his dark secrets, but with his 
mother in love, it seams there is nothing he can do to show her that their 
lives are in danger. 
Simon, a lonely boy who has lost his father in a car accident a few months 
ago, has to face rising conflicts when Mario, the new and mysterious school 
teacher, starts dating Sarah, his beautiful mother. Simon doesn't accept 
the new father figure and discovers Mario's real intentions while 
struggling with his own fears and the indiscreet look of a nosy catholic 
priest. In a school trip, Mario disappears mysteriously letting Simon and 
his friends alone in the woods; while wandering around, the boys witness a 
black mass and pick up an enigmatic medallion that belongs to a satanic in 
the mass. When Mario realizes the boys found the medallion, he wants to 
keep it, stay closer to Sarah and much closer to Simon, bringing deadly 
consequences for all. Simon tries to warn his mom, but Sarah is in love and 
rejects any accusation It is only when the connections between Satanism, 
pedophilia and Mario's past are revealed and Sarah is framed to leave the 
house letting Simon alone that she realizes the danger she had put her son 
in, but... is it too late? Or will Sarah be back on time to protect her 
son? 
