Fat Albert (2004)

An obese boy named Fat Albert and his friends Rudy, Mushmouth, Bill, Dumb 
Donald, Russell, and Weird Harold, pulls into trouble when they "fall" out 
of their TV world into the real world, where Fat Albert tries to help a 
young girl, Doris, make friends. However, the simple life of the group is 
interrupted when Fat Albert falls for Doris' older sister, Lauri, sparking 
his friends to worry that their leader may never want to return to his 
cartoon world again. 
Fat Albert and the rest of the Cosby Kids are living happily in their 
animated world of Philadelphia when one day, a young teen cries on her 
remote control because she doesn't have any friends. Fat Albert and his 
gang then magically come out of her TV and enter the real Philadelphia! 
They decide-being such good kids-to help the teen make friends. Albert then 
falls in love with the girl's beautiful foster sister-but oh, no! If Fat 
Albert and the Cosby Kids stray from their TV world, they begin to fade 
away! Will Albert be able to return home after enlisting the help of Bill 
Cosby himself, or will he and his gang vanish forever? Go and see to find 
out! 
When Doris Robertson's (Pratt) tear hits her television remote, Fat Albert 
(Thompson) and the Cosby Kids come diving out of the television during 
their show. They have to wait until the next day for them to go back into 
the TV, so they join Doris everywhere she goes including school and at a 
party. There are animated sequences during the movie that show Russell 
(Suarez) running and trying to save the junkyard from another gang. But 
when Fat Albert falls head over heels with Doris' foster sister Lauri 
(Ramirez), he decides he doesn't want to go back into the TV. 
