Flirting and Dating for Dummies (2011)

Flirting and Dating for Dummies encompasses a struggling male teenager's 
wish to capture the attention of the light of his life. "Flirting" involves 
the teenager's reliance on a "Flirting Bible" to gain attention from a 
girl. He seeks advice from the Bible since the girl ignores him. The 
Flirting Bible is inside an ACT practice book, which the boy is ostensibly 
using. The girl, unfortunately, pays no attention to the male teenager as 
she is engrossed in flirting with another boy. In order to gain her 
interest, the teenager does what the Bible suggests. He stares at her with 
confidence, walks with "swagger", listens, and plays "theme" music. After 
being unsuccessful, the teenager throws aside his copy of the Flirting 
Bible. Frustrated, he realizes that another girl is watching him who also 
has the same ACT practice book. Inside the girl's 'ACT' book is also 'The 
Flirting Bible'. The teenage boy proceeds to smile. 'Dating' covers the 
couple's dating relationship. The boy is no longer dependent on 'The 
Flirting Bible'; yet, he appears awkward with his girlfriend. The boy 
envisions nightmare sequences, which make him unconfident. Ultimately, his 
girlfriend leaves him, finding another boy. The main character, seeing his 
girlfriend with another boy, follows, and eventually interrupts. Emboldened 
and confident, the main character is suddenly passionate. At the end, the 
two embrace, signifying that the main character has learned to get over his 
fears of the opposite sex. 
