Ghost Patrol (1936)

A Professor has an invention that will bring down planes causing them to 
crash and Dawson is forcing him to use it on those carrying money. When Tim 
arrives to investigate he is mistaken for a noted outlaw. So he assumes 
that identity to force Dawson to make him a partner. But just as a plane 
bringing Tim help is arriving, his true identity is revealed and while he 
is a prisoner, Dawson forces the Professor to start his machine. 
A professor invents a radium tube that makes internal combustion engines 
stop running. He and his invention are captured by a gang of robbers. A 
federal agent is sent to rescue him. 
Remade as "Sky Racket", a non-western with Herman Brix/Bruce Bennett and 
than as a Renfrew of the Royal Mounted northwestern as "Sky Bandits" with 
Jim Newill.Lots of other versions of this wherein the heroine's kidnapped 
father is an engraver or diamond cutter or something forced to ply his 
trade in the interests of the gangsters. In this one, G-Man Tim Caverly is 
sent to the desert country to investigate mysterious crashes of airplanes 
carrying money, bonds and other valuables. He discovers that a mob led by 
Dawson and Kincaid are holding captive the father of Natalie Brent. Seems 
that the good professor has invented a powerful radium tube, which controls 
electrical impulses, and D&K Inc. are using his invention to cause plane 
crashes so they can plunder the wreckage. This one looks good until Tim 
parks his Stetson and dons an Amelia Earheart leather flying helmet and 
takes to the air. 
