Goldfinger (1964)

Bond is back and his next mission takes him to Fort Knox, where Auric 
Goldfinger and his henchman are planning to raid Fort Knox and obliterate 
the world economy. To save the world once again, Bond will need to become 
friends with Goldfinger, dodge killer hats and avoid Goldfinger's personal 
pilot, the sexy Pussy Galore. She might not have feelings for Bond, but 
will 007 help her change her mind? 
The Bank of England has discovered that someone is stockpiling vast 
quantities of gold and suspects international bullion dealer Auric 
Goldfinger of being involved. The Bank requests that British agent James 
Bond be sent to investigate. Bond soon uncovers an audacious plan to commit 
"the crime of the century" and bring economic chaos to the West. 
The powerful tycoon Auric Goldfinger has initiated "Operation Grand Slam," 
a cataclysmic scheme to raid Fort Knox and obliterate the world economy. 
James Bond, armed with his specially equipped Aston Martin (its accessory 
package includes built-in machine guns, a smoke screen and an ejector 
seat), must stop the plan by overcoming several outrageous adversaries. 
First there's Oddjob, the mute servant who kills at the toss of a lethal 
hat; next, the beautiful Jill Masterson, who gives new meaning to the 
phrase "golden girl"; and finally, sexy pilot Pussy Galore, whose romantic 
feelings for Bond complicate her involvement in Goldfinger's high-flying 
scheme. 
Beginning innocently enough with a murder, James Bond finds himself 
investigating Auric Goldfinger, a gold dealer who the Bank of England 
suspects is stockpiling huge amounts of gold bullion. However, he soon 
uncovers a far more sinister plot called Operation Grand Slam and has a 
fair bit of bowler-hat-dodging to do from Goldfinger's manservant, Oddjob. 
