Har Har Gange (1979)

Distraught after the death of his wife Sati, Shiva isolates himself and 
becomes immersed in deep meditation. Prompted by the evil Paap (sin) to 
capitalize on the opportunity, the demon Taraka who had been granted a boon 
that he could only die at the hands of Shiva's son stages an attack on 
Devalok, ousting the demigods. To restore order and vanquish sin, Adishakti 
takes birth as Ganga and Uma, the daughters of Himavat, king of the 
mountains. While younger sister Uma undertakes arduous austerities to break 
Shiva's penance and beget the child prophesied to slay Taraka, elder sister 
Ganga is brought to heaven. Raised under the tutelage of Brahma and 
sanctified by the water that had once washed the feet of Vishnu, Ganga 
becomes a celestial river coursing the heavens, purifying anything she 
touches. With Ganga guarding heaven's periphery, the defeated Paap turns 
his sight to earth. There he ravages the land and its inhabitants alike, 
until Ganga is besought to descend upon earth to wash away sin with her 
cleansing waters. 
Devi Maa Ganga, the sister-in-law of Bhagwan Bholeynathji, sires his son, 
Kartikey, resulting in the death of Tarakasur much to the chagrin of his 
father, Paap, who unleashes a reign of terror on Prithvilok. Gangey 
continues to resides in Swarglok refusing to enter Prithvilok despite of 
the sacrifices of 3 generations of Bhagirath's family. It is then 
Bhagirath's wife performs a Pooja to appease the nine forms of Devi Maa 
Durga, while Bhagirath, guided by Brahmaputra Narad Munni, turns to 
Bholeynathji to try and understand the reason(s) why Devi Maa Ganga refuses 
to enter the water-parched Prithvilok. 
