Hearts Unarmored (2007)

There are secrets only eyes can tell. There is sorrow only eyes can harbor. 
There is love only eyes can declare. A man and a woman meet at a forgotten 
train station. She carries a book, he carries a gun. She is waiting for a 
train, he is waiting for answers. Slowly, they uncover the unexpected 
connections tying them together in a cruel game of destiny. 
In 'Hearts Unarmored,' a man and a woman, Blake and Sylvia, meet at a 
forgotten train station, where time seems to have stood still. She carries 
a book, he carries a gun. She is waiting for a train, he is waiting for 
answers. Sylvia is married to John, a soldier, and Blake is a war 
correspondent. In their small town, where most men choose the military as 
an occupation, the streets are desolate and the colors have turned to gray. 
After serving his first tour of duty, John returns home only to find that 
he can't escape the war he has fought. Yet, in this town of soldiers, he is 
greatly admired and has to hide his true feelings for everything war means. 
Meanwhile Blake appears cold and calculated --- a man driven by unspoken 
sadness. Trapped between past and present, Sylvia's heart breaks so she can 
share a piece of it with those who cross her path. In its seamless blend of 
time tracks, this emotional story reveals the unexpected connections tying 
together three people in a cruel game of destiny. 
A man and a woman meet at a forgotten train station. She carries a book, he 
carries a gun. She is waiting for a train, he is waiting for answers. 
Slowly, they uncover the unexpected connections tying them together in a 
cruel game of destiny. 
