Here Comes Mr. Jordan (1941)

Boxer Joe Pendleton, flying to his next fight, crashes...because a Heavenly 
Messenger, new on the job, snatched Joe's spirit prematurely from his body. 
Before the matter can be rectified, Joe's body is cremated; so the 
celestial Mr. Jordan grants him the use of the body of wealthy Bruce 
Farnsworth, who's just been murdered by his wife. Joe tries to remake 
Farnsworth's unworthy life in his own clean-cut image, but then falls in 
love; and what about that murderous wife? 
Boxer Joe Pendleton is on his way to the championship but fate intervenes. 
While flying his small airplane it crashes and he finds himself en route to 
the ever after. There's only one problem: he wasn't supposed to die and was 
meant to survive the crash. Due to a mix-up and a bit of experience on the 
part of Messenger 7013 who was sent to collect his soul, the man in charge 
Mr. Jordan orders him returned but it's too late: Joe's manager Max Corkle 
has already had his remains cremated. Mr. Jordan agrees to find another 
body for him to inhabit and after a week or so of searching suggests Bruce 
Farnsworth, a multi-millionaire who is about to be killed by his scheming 
wife Julia and his secretary, Tony Abbott. Joe's not too keen on the choice 
until he meets Bette Logan and decides to become Farnsworth at least 
temporarily. He's a good man and reverses a swindle Farnswworth had 
committed but his time as Farnsworth was never meant to be permanent. He 
and Bette have fallen in love however and Mr. Jordan has plans for them. 
