Here's Flash Casey (1938)

Flash Casey, after working his way through college by taking pictures, 
finds the newspaper world harder to break into than he had expected. 
Free-lancing, he snaps a picture of Rodney Addison, son of the Globe-Press 
owner Major Addison, kissing French dancer Mitzi LaRue and submits it to 
Globe-Press city editor Blaine. He gets a job on the paper because Blaine 
wants to suppress the picture. He is confined to assisting regular staff 
photographer Wade who gets all the credit for the pictures Flash takes. His 
only bright spot is a romance with Kay Lanning, the paper's society editor 
and sob-sister columnist. Through her he meets Lawrence, editor of the 
weekly pictorial magazine called Snap News that the Globe-Press publishes. 
Gus Payton, the photographer assigned to Lawrence but who has been bribed 
by Bliane to turn over his best pictures to the city desk, quits when 
Lawrence accuses him of double-dealing. Payton opens a camera shop that is 
secretly financed by gangland chief Ricker. Flash goes to work for Lawrence 
and, as a favor to Kay, attends the Globe-Press annual charity 
garden-bazaar and takes random candid shots for her society page. Among 
them is a picture of Major Addison with his arms thrown casually around a 
young girl's shoulders. Flash takes the film to Payton's shop for 
development and Payton alters the shot to make Major Addison and the girl 
to appear, respectively, to be in pajamas and a negligee, and gives the 
picture to Ricka. Ricka attempts to blackmail Addison with a copy of the 
picture but Addison throws him out, and then shows Flash and Kay a copy of 
the picture and fires Flash. Followed by the protesting couple, Addison 
leaves the building and is shot down by Ricka, Payton and their henchman, 
waiting in a parked car. 
