Jetsons: The Movie (1990)

The Jetsons have made their film debut in a film about family, friends, and 
all that stuff. George's tightwad boss, Mr. Spacely, is determined to get 
his remote factor on his ore asteroid miles away to make 1,000,000 
sprocketts, but all the vice-presidents sent to run it have disappeared for 
some reason, so Mr. Spacely must find someone else to run it: it would have 
to be someone mighty brave, and mighty stupid. So who does he pick? George 
Jetson. So George packs up his family: Jane, his sensible and loving wife; 
Judy- his rebellious teenage daughter who's gotten a new boyfriend: a super 
galactical rock star; Elroy- basketball champ who's losing faith in his 
father; and Rosie, his sassy maid. So while Judy meets another boy and 
enjoys a huge shopping mall, George sets off to work with his new friend, a 
robot foreman named Rudy 2. The factory is soon sabotaged on opening day, 
so George intends to investigate and disappears. So it's up to Elroy and 
his new friends to rescue George. Along for the ride are Judy and Jane. A 
wild futuristic romp on a screen bigger than your TV. 
George Jetson gets a job offer: he can run his own sprocket factory. 
However, the factory is on some distant planet and he's not the first 
employee from Spacely Sprockets inc. to be sent to the factory. It turns 
out that the plant is sabotaged because it affects the caves underneath. 
How does George satisfy his boss and stops the plant from destroying the 
land of the creatures living below the factory? 
