Kroadh (1990)

Krodh tells the story of two brothers who are in search of the man who 
killed their mother. The problem is they have never seen his face, but do 
have his name. The elder brother Ajay gets into the world of crime and also 
pulls his younger brother Vijay along with him in to the underworld in 
order to get closer to their target. But coincidentally Ajay himself ends 
up being a police officer and now he wants to drag his brother out of the 
underworld but by now its too late as his younger brother is by now the Don 
of the underworld. Here starts the clash of principles and ideologies 
between the two brothers and they get separated. Were they successful in 
getting hold of their mother's killer? Were the brothers successful in 
settling their differences? 
Inspector Vikram Shukla lives a middle-classed lifestyle in Madhopur along 
with his wife and two sons, Ajay and Vijay. When a young girl goes missing 
and turns up dead, he finds evidence leading to an influential male named 
Dharamdas, and arrests him. But the witness turns hostile, and Dharamdas is 
declared not guilty. When Vikram finds out that Dharamdas is also dealing 
in drugs, he goes to arrest him, resulting in a physical confrontation; 
ends up killing his advocate brother, Karamchand; is himself arrested, 
tried in Court, and sentenced to several years in prison. Twenty years 
later he will find out that his wife is dead; his son, Ajay, has been 
convicted of homicide and is serving time in the same prison, and Vijay is 
now a gangster working with Kumar, who is none other than Dharamdas 
himself. 
