La scimitarra del Saraceno (1959)

Bianca, the beautiful daughter of Rhodes military governor, travels in the 
San Luca from the Venice Republic to her home in Rhodes, and without her 
knowledge, the ship also brings secret orders for her father to attack the 
Mediterranean ports dominated by the Sultan Selim. Dragut, the terrific 
Mediterranean pirate, attacks and conquers the Sun Luca. The sad knews 
reach the Governor of Rhodes when he was expelling Diego, an unscrupulous 
captain, who immediately offers his services to retake the ship, and free 
the girl. Without alternatives, the Governor accepts, and Diogo enlists as 
a pirate under the service of Dragut. In his devious mind, once he gets his 
hands on the plans, he will sell them for good price to Suliman, whom he 
knows to pay in gold, rather than a polite thank you, as the Governor would 
do... Indeed, he is able to rob the secret plans from Dragut, but he was so 
much under the spell of Miriam's beauty, that he decides to take risks, and 
follow her through the desert to Selim's palace, where she is going to be 
sold as slave with her young women companions. After a number of 
adventures, escaping the wooing of beautiful and mean Arab Princess Miriam, 
and surviving naval battles and desert fights, Diego and the young women 
are captured by Dragut, and condemned to hang him from the highest mast. 
Meanwhile, the Governor managed to warn the Venetian navy, who appears just 
in time to interrupt the proceedings. Diego gets free just in time to 
defend Bianca, and engage Dragut in a decisive sword duel to the death. 
