Ligaw Liham (2007)

When one is invisible, one is likely to lose his way. To an individual whom 
society fails to notice because of a diminishing circumstance, it is easy 
enough to lose himself in things that would otherwise be unacceptable. 
Ligaw Liham is this kind of story. Nor, considered the town simpleton, 
finds an opportunity to sway to the dance of love when he takes over the 
pen of Karen's husband and wrote letters not his. This is a story on how 
deeply people get affected when one of society's basic services stops 
working. It takes inspiration from a true incident involving a provincial 
post office in Negros that simply stopped working at a pre-texting era when 
people tend to be completely dependent on the mailing system - letters were 
neither coming nor going, leaving an unaccounted number of corrupted lives. 
Nor, a typical provincial lad, finds an opportunity to fall in love even at 
the expense of assuming the identity of someone else. This is a story on 
how deeply people get affected when one of society's basic services stops 
working. Ligaw Liham takes inspiration from a true incident involving a 
provincial post office in Negros that simply stopped working at a 
pre-texting era when people tend to be completely dependent on the mailing 
system-letters were neither coming nor going, leaving an unaccounted number 
of corrupted lives. Sometime in the '70s, in a small town in Negros, the 
post office simply stops its operations. No one knew about this except for 
the postman and his caretaker. When Nor finds out about this secret, he 
finds an opportunity to connect with his childhood crush Karen. The young 
man assumes the identity of another person by forging letters hidden in an 
old warehouse of the town. Nor takes over the pen of Karen's husband who is 
working in Saigon. Soon after, a correspondence between Nor and Karen takes 
place. And Nor finds himself truly falling in love. 
