Maseeha (2002)

When anarchy prevails and the screams of the downtrodden become lifeless, a 
saviour is born to eliminate the tyrants and put an end to their immoral 
activities. Surajbhan (Mukesh Rishi) is the name of one such despot and 
Shantinagar is the base of his illegal activities. D.C.P. Shrivastav (Mohan 
Joshi) and Inspector Thapar (Shiva) are hand-in-glove with him. Krishna 
(Sunil Shetty) is a victim of Surajbhan's atrocities and has returned from 
jail after serving a sentence. He learns of Surajbhan's renewed reign of 
terror and the growth of his illegal activities. How Krishna frees 
Shantinagar from the clutches of Surajbhan, forms the crux of the film. 
Powerful underworld Don, Surajbhan (Mukesh Rishi) has Shanker arrested by 
corrupt Police Inspector Srivastav (Mohan Joshi). While in prison, 
Shanker's wife comes to visit him, and witnesses him being brutally beaten 
by the police. She begs for his release, and they agree to let him go 
provided she has sex with them. She agrees, is raped, and then kills 
herself, Shanker is beside himself with rage and attempts to attack her 
rapists, and is shot dead. Shanker's son, Shiva, goes to live with the 
Srivastav family, his wife, Parvati (Shama Deshpande), and son, Vijay. 
Years later, Surajbhan is threatened by a man claiming to be "Dushman" 
(Sunil Shetty), and Shiva, who is now an employee of Surajbhan must kill 
the Dushman, without knowing that the Dushman is fighting the very man who 
was responsible for his parents' death. 
