Meet Mr. Daddy (2007)

A little girl is reunited with her reluctant small-time criminal father. 
Jong Dae is a lowlife conman and gangster who lives in a old trailer in a 
junkyard by the sea. Not exactly ideal father material. He is 
(understandably) shocked when, while in jail yet again, a social worker 
visits to inform him that he has a seven year old daughter called Joon (Seo 
Shin Ae) who has been living in an orphanage and is on her way to America 
to be adopted. Little Joon desperately wants to meet her daddy before she 
leaves. The social worker offers him a deal: his freedom and some money for 
looking after Joon for a month and he eagerly accepts, only to find his 
life turned upside down by the precocious little girl. The relationship 
starts of a little rough as Jong Dae tries to adjust to fatherhood but he 
quickly bonds with Joon and finds himself enjoying spending time together 
and the ups/downs of fatherhood. He is pleasantly surprised to find they 
share a mutual love of soccer and is amused at how much his little daughter 
knows about it. As part of the original deal, the social worker gives him 
two tickets to the World Cup Championship so they can celebrate their last 
moments together before Joon is adopted. The story quickly turns serious 
when Jong Dae is severely beaten by his boss and his injuries are so severe 
that he learns he losing his sight and soon will be blind. The second blow 
comes when the social worker confesses that Joon is not moving to America 
to be adopted, but that she is really seriously ill and has only a short 
time to live. 
