Miss Congeniality 2: Armed and Fabulous (2005)

Because of the notoriety she gained from the Miss United States pageant, 
Gracie Hart's life as an undercover FBI agent is over. In addition, Agent 
Eric Matthews broke off their relationship which she did not take well. 
Begrudgingly on the advice her boss Director Harry McDonald, Gracie decides 
to become the FBI's media relations officer. Ten months later with the 
assistance of style coach Joel Meyers and a best selling book behind her 
about her experience, Gracie becomes a designer-clad media darling and the 
made-up face of the FBI. The new Gracie is the exact opposite of Agent Sam 
Fuller, a woman who, like Gracie before her pageant experience, has deep 
seated anger issues. The two do not get along, but that doesn't stop 
McDonald from assigning Sam to be Gracie's bodyguard. The two are sent to 
Las Vegas when Gracie's friend, reigning Miss United States Cheryl Frasier, 
and the long time Miss United States pageant host Stan Fields are kidnapped 
there. At the FBI's Las Vegas field office, Assistant Director Walter 
Collins wants Gracie solely to be the media spokesperson on the case, but 
Gracie wants to be back in the field, especially when she uncovers some 
leads Collins dismisses. Despite their antagonistic relationship, Gracie 
and Sam have to work together to follow these leads. Along with them are 
Joel and insecure FBI Agent Jeff Foreman, the foursome who in addition to 
finding Cheryl and Stan, have to elude Collins' other agents, Collins who 
wants Gracie and Sam back on a plane to New York and who wants the glory of 
solving the case for himself. 
The FBI agent Gracie Hart is assigned to promote the FBI, touring with the 
brutal agent Sam Fuller as her bodyguard. While traveling around the 
country, her friend and Miss USA is kidnapped with Stan Fields, and Gracie 
decides to investigate the abduction in Las Vegas by her own and against 
the direct orders of local chief Collins. 
