Monster House (2006)

The teenage DJ is observing his neighbor Nebbercracker on the other side of 
their street in the suburb that destroys tricycles of children that 
trespass his lawn. When DJ's parents travel on the eve of Halloween and the 
abusive nanny Zee stays with him, he calls his clumsy best friend Chowder 
to play basketball. But when the ball falls in Nebbercracker's lawn, the 
old man has a siege, and soon they find that the house is a monster. Later 
the boys rescue the smart Jenny from the house and the trio unsuccessfully 
tries to convince the babysitter, her boyfriend Bones and two police 
officers that the haunted house is a monster, but nobody believes them. The 
teenagers ask their video-game addicted acquaintance Skull how to destroy 
the house, and they disclose its secret on the Halloween night. 
Little DJ has suspicions about the house across the street and the cranky 
old man who lives there. When the old man has a heart attack and is carried 
away by an ambulance, DJ thinks the danger is over. Unfortunately, as he, 
his friend Chowder, and a candy-selling prep-school girl named Jenny 
discover, the house itself has plans--plans that include eating all the 
kids who'll be trick-or-treating that Halloween night! 
Three kids, DJ, Chowder, and Jenny discover that the house across the 
street from DJ's is alive. It eats anything that goes on its property. They 
try to convince the babysitter, the police, and some weirdo named Skull. 
They try to unravel the mystery of the house and they have to go inside. 
