Mr. Moto's Gamble (1938)

Mr. Moto must discover who poisoned a fighter in the boxing ring. This 
movie began as "Charlie Chan at the Ringside," but Warner Oland abruptly 
quit during filming, so it was rewritten as a Mr. Moto film. 
Bad blood exists between Bill Steele and Frankie Stanton, the leading 
contenders for the heavyweight title, and a grudge match is scheduled. 
Steele's knockout victory is tainted by his opponent's untimely death, 
ostensibly from a concussion caused by hitting the canvas. A post-mortem 
reveals that poison was somehow introduced into a cut above Stanton's eye 
although it is unclear how and why. Gambling might seem to be the motive as 
several of the principle suspects, gamblers Clipper McCoy and Nick Crowder, 
Stanton's shady manager Jerry Connors, and fight promoter Philip Benton, 
all seemed to have made wagers on the fight. Benton's spoiled daughter and 
female reporter Penny Kendall are vying for the affections of Steele, who 
is now slated to fight for the championship against pugnacious Biff Moran. 
Lt. Riggs of New York Homicide and Moto, who were spectators at the fight, 
go on the trail of the murderer following the autopsy results. Moto's prime 
suspect is a shadowy character named John Howard, who collected on huge 
bets in four different Midwestrern cities after the Stanton fight. 
Discovering his real identity will be a key to Moto's TKO of the killer. 
A boxer dies in the prizefight ring, and detective Mr. Moto is called in 
when it turns out to be murder. What Moto uncovers, with the help of 
Charlie Chan's son Lee, is a gangland gambling racket. 
