Nosferatu, eine Symphonie des Grauens (1922)

Wisbourg, Germany based estate agent Knock dispatches his associate, 
Hutter, to Count Orlok's castle in Transylvania as the Count wants to 
purchase a isolated house in Wisbourg. They plan on selling him the one 
across the way from Hutter's own home. Hutter leaves his innocent wife, 
Ellen, with some friends while he is away. Hutter's trek is an unusual one, 
with many locals not wanting to take him near the castle where strange 
events have been occurring. Once at the castle, Hutter does manage to sell 
the Count the house, but he also notices and feels unusual occurrences, 
primarily feeling like there is a dark shadow hanging over him, even in the 
daytime when the Count is unusually asleep. Hutter eventually sees the 
Count's sleeping chamber in a crypt, and based on a book he has recently 
read, believes the Count is really a vampire or Nosferatu. While Hutter is 
trapped in the castle, the Count, hiding in a shipment of coffins, makes 
his way to Wisbourg, causing death along his way, which most attribute to 
the plague. Hutter himself tries to rush home to save his town and most 
importantly save Ellen from Nosferatu's imminent arrival. In Wisbourg, 
Ellen can feel the impending darkness as Nosferatu gets closer. But she 
learns that a sinless woman can sacrifice herself to kill the vampire. Will 
Hutter be able to save Ellen either from Nosferatu and/or her 
self-sacrifice? 
Count Orlok's move to Wisburg and brings the plague, this reveals his 
connection to the Realtor Thomas Hutter, and the Count's obsession with 
Hutter's wife, Ellen - the only one with the power to end the evil. 
