Out of Depth (2000)

When his mother is attacked by Ed, a small time crook, Paul Nixon wants 
revenge. Frightened of the possible repercussions to both his personal and 
emerging professional life, Paul enlists the help of an old school friend, 
Steve. Together they visit Pussy Cat Lenny, a strip joint owner and 
gangland enforcer, and ask him to give Ed a slap. In setting up the 
beating, Lenny meets up with an old friend, a heavy villain called Tate. 
Tate also wants Ed, but this time he wants him dead. Lenny takes the 
contract. After the killing Lenny is forced to consider his future. The 
underworld, the only world he knows, is changing and he's getting too old 
to change with it. When his son needs his help, Lenny realises his only way 
out is to force Paul to do him a favour. An act which has grave 
repercussions for all concerned. 
Based on a true story and in the same mould as Get Carter and Nil by Mouth, 
Out of Depth is a hard hitting, contemporary character based thriller. A 
gritty expose of the South London Underworld, it tells the story of 
misguided good intentions, of family love and of the personal hopes and 
fears that lay behind several gangland killings. 
Seeking to avenge an attack on his mother, Paul decides to hire a local 
villain, Lenny, to give the attacker a beating. Lenny however has also been 
contracted to kill the same man and soon Paul is thrown into an impossible 
situation involving corrupt police chiefs, violence and intimidation. 
