Race (2008/I)

Ranvir and Rajiv are half brothers who own a huge stud farm in South 
Africa. Ranvir is a very shrewd and aggressive man while Rajiv is laid 
back, and a chronic alcoholic. Sophia, Ranvir's personal secretary adores 
and loves him. Ranvir is unaware of her feelings. Shaina, an Indian ramp 
model in Durban loves Ranvir but through a twist of fate gets married to 
his younger brother Rajiv. When she discovers that Rajiv is a chronic 
alcoholic, her world is shattered. Ranvir too is disturbed as he has 
sacrificed his love for his younger brother because Rajiv had promised to 
leave alcohol for good if he marries Shaina. In a weak moment Ranvir and 
Shaina come very close to each other. When Rajiv starts suspecting, all 
hell breaks loose. A murder is committed, a contract killing is issued. A 
sharp tongued detective R.D., getting wise on the proceedings, starts an 
intriguing investigation with his brainless bimbo assistant Mini. 
Based in Durban, Ranvir Singh lives a very wealthy lifestyle along with his 
slacker and alcoholic brother, Rajiv, and runs a stud farm. He is in love 
with Sonia and both hope to get married. When Ranvir introduces Sonia to 
Rajiv, he falls in love with her, and Ranvir decides to let them get 
married on the condition that he gives up alcohol. When Rajiv promises, the 
marriage takes place. Their stud farm undergoes a major financial crisis 
when their rival, Kabir Ahuja, scores at the races, and Ranvir mortgages 
most of his assets just to survive. Unfortunately, Rajiv continues to 
drink, Sonia regrets her decision to get married to him, and starts getting 
intimate with Ranvir. When Rajiv finds out, he decides to kill himself, but 
instead Ranvir ends up getting killed. Rajiv and Sonia hope to inherit the 
estate, but they end up getting quite a shock when Ranvir's Personal 
Secretary, Sophia, claims that she is Ranvir's wife, and decides to keep 
the estate to herself. 
