Rebecca 2 (2011)

A hybrid of Hitchcock's Vertigo and the Wayan Brothers' Scary Movie, 
Rebecca 2 is trash camp b-grade melodrama staged in small town New Zealand. 
Rebecca 2 begins with the dramatic suicide of a young, beautiful Big 
Brother Reality-TV star turned presenter/actress, Rebecca. Kate, a scrawny 
kid with brown scruffy hair, a dirty face and black eyes, watches with 
intense fascination and desire the news broadcast of the celebrity icon's 
untimely death. 10 years later more than Kate's hair is a mess. Kate is 
unemployed - indeed unemployable - a chronic alcoholic, a binge eater and a 
compulsive masturbator. Recently fired from her job as a nurse aid for 
accidentally causing the death of an older heart patient, Kate has little 
more to do than laze around in her filth infested bedroom, eating sardines 
and Oreos and jerking off to infomercials. However, unimpressed with his 
wife's slovenly behaviour, Kate's successful novel writer husband forces 
our heroine into the world of 9-5, tan suits and income tax. Listening, not 
to the pretentious self-indulgent spiels of her husband, but instead, to 
words of wisdom offered by a daytime infomercial, Kate eventually ignites a 
desire to begin a journey of self-improvement and purification. Kate's new 
found desire for employment, cleanliness and good health is, however, 
shortly lived. Through a series of unexpected events Kate discovers 
evidence that her lifelong love, the reality TV star Rebecca, may indeed 
still be alive, living under an alias in New York. Unable to shake off this 
intriguing and intensely erotic possibility Kate travels across the world 
in the hope of uncovering the mystery of Rebecca. 
