Sea of Love (1989)

Frank Keller is a New York detective investigating a case of a serial 
killer who finds the victims through the lonely hearts column in 
newspapers. Keller falls in love with Helen, the main suspect in the case. 
In Manhattan, Detective Frank Keller is an efficient and veteran cop with 
twenty years on the force, who is lonely and misses his ex-wife Denise. She 
left him to live with his colleague from the same precinct Gruber. When a 
killer kills his victim with a shot on the neck and leaves a single playing 
"Sea of Love", Frank is in charge of the investigation. Detective Sherman, 
from a district outside Manhattan, joins Frank when a second victim is 
killed in the same MO. They find that both victims have written poetry in 
the lonely hearts column of the single magazine "New York Weekly". When 
there is a third case, Frank convinces his chief to write for the magazine 
and work undercover investigating the women that reply the advertisement. 
Frank falls in love for the prime suspect, the manager of a shoe store 
Helen Cruger, jeopardizing his investigation. 
Seen-it-all New York detective Frank Keller is unsettled - he has done 
twenty years on the force and could retire, and he hasn't come to terms 
with his wife leaving him for a colleague. Joining up with an officer from 
another part of town to investigate a series of murders linked by the 
lonely hearts columns he finds he is getting seriously and possibly 
dangerously involved with Helen, one of the main suspects. 
