Shoot on Sight (2007)

Tariq Ali, a Muslim police officer of Scotland Yard, is asked to hunt-down 
suspected suicide-bombers against the backdrop of July 7 bombings in 
London. Tariq's task gets complicated as an innocent Muslim is killed by 
the commando shooters of Scotland Yard. On the other hand, Tariq - a 
British citizen is himself a suspect in the eyes of his boss, despite his 
long service in the Scotland Yard. 
Lahore-born Tariq Ali is a Commander in the London Police Department and 
lives with his Caucasian wife, Susan, and two children, Zara, and Imran. He 
is much respected, and hopes to be promoted as Deputy Assistant 
Commissioner. After the 7/7 bombings in the city, a Muslim male student, 
Baqir Hassan, is shot dead by a uniformed police officer at Charing Cross 
Underground Station. Amidst media frenzy that the killing was racially 
motivated, he is assigned this investigation along with a subordinate, 
Ruby. While attempting to deal with his truant, nearly six-foot tall 
daughter, Zara, and welcoming his nephew, Zaheer Khan, from Pakistan, Tariq 
opens the investigation, meets with the victim's mother and sister as well 
as their lawyer, Fiona Munroe. Tariq will find his life changing after 
photographs appear in leading newspapers of his meeting with Imam Junaid, 
his childhood friend from Lahore. It is this information that will not only 
create tensions at home but he will also be sidelined for the promotion; 
removed from the investigation as well as asked to go on leave. He will 
also find that people who had known him all their lives now shun and look 
at him with suspicion. 
