Sidewalk (2010)

SIDEWALK chronicles the lives of primarily black homeless book vendors and 
magazine scavengers who ply their trade along 6th Avenue between 8th Street 
and Washington Place in New York City. By briefly comparing those book 
vendors with the history of book vending along the Seine in Paris, the film 
speaks to the efforts of North American and European societies to rid 
public space of the outcasts they have had a hand in producing. The film 
takes us into the social world of the people subsisting on the streets of 
New York by focusing on their work as street side booksellers, magazine 
vendors, junk dealers, panhandlers, and table watchers. The sidewalk 
becomes a site for the unfolding of these people living on the edge of 
society in order to give us a deeper understanding of how these 
individual's are able to survive. It also becomes a site for conflicts and 
solidarities that encompass the vendors and local residents. We followed 
half dozen vendors for most of this past decade. By the end of shooting the 
film, their lives had taken a myriad of routes - one was hired by a local 
University to run a speakers series, another left to find herself working 
at a 7/11 convenience store, a third was deported to Jamaica where he 
struggles to survive without family, friends or a livelihood. Most of our 
characters have remained on the street continuing the daily struggle to 
scratch out a living on what the rest of us throw away. In this context, 
our main objective is to show HOW the sidewalk life works today. How do 
these people on the street live in a moral (and sometimes immoral) order? 
How do they have the ingenuity to do so in the face of exclusion and 
stigmatization on the basis of race and class? How does the way they do so 
affront the sensibilities of the working and middle classes? How do their 
acts intersect with a city's mechanisms to regulate its public spaces? 
