Six Gun Justice (1935)

Both Marshal McDonald and Nevada Joe and his gang are after money stolen by 
the Slades. When McDonald rescues Jim Slade from Nevada's gang, he is 
seriously wounded. Jim gets him to a doctor and just as he returns to full 
strength, Nevada and his gang arrive and Jim and the Marshal must face 
them. 
Jim Slade is trying to help his father return the stolen loot after the 
holdup of the Wyoming Limited, in which the father was inadvertently 
implicated. Nevada Joe and his gang, pursuing the Slades under gunfire, 
drop the father who rolls down a ravine. Marshal Jack MacDonald, who has 
been trailing the holdup gang, stops to aid the wounded man. Slade 
discloses that his son had no part in the robbery but knows where the loot 
is cached-then dies. MacDonald follows the gang to their mountain hideout, 
where Nevada is trying to make the captured Jim talk. While the outlaws are 
asleep, Macdonald knocks out the guard, releases Jim, runs off the gang's 
horses, and they escape under heavy fire but MacDonald is wounded. Jim 
intends to ride away after going to the Outpost of Frenchy DuVaul and 
sending help back for MacDonald. He meets Marie, Frenchy's daughter, and 
changes his mind. They bring MacDonald back to Duval's. Saloon keeper Speed 
Hawkins is resentful of Marie's attention to Bill. After Speed mistreats 
his Indian servant White Feather and gets whipped by Bill, he is even more 
resentful. Speed informs Nevada where to find Jim and he is captured again. 
Jim tells Nevada he has turned the money over to the government. Nevada 
then captures MacDonald and turns Jim and Marie over to Speed. They are 
freed when White Feather throws a knife into Speed's back. Ethel rides for 
the Sheriff and Jim trails Nevada. 
