Sospira (2010)

Sospira is a 50 minute experimental documentary which focuses on nine 
courageous international women who were traveling seeking themselves and 
found love along the Amalfi Coast of Italy. Taking a leap of faith, leaving 
their city lives, families, careers, friends, and goals, each of these 
women believed in love, and in themselves, enough to reinvent their lives. 
Sospira is a 50 minute experimental documentary which focuses on nine 
courageous international women who were traveling seeking themselves and 
found love along the Amalfi Coast of Italy. Taking a leap of faith, leaving 
their city lives, families, careers, friends, and goals, each of these 
women believed in love, and in themselves, enough to reinvent their lives. 
Digital video and super 8 weave together to create a visual contrast 
between expectations and traditions of the village, and the stark realities 
of clashing cultures, immigration, isolation and the difficulties facing 
the women in their daily lives. The women's voices carry the film, telling 
the stories of meeting their love, their choices involved in moving to 
Italy, the expected and unexpected compromises, and the search for a 
comfortable balance. As the fantasy veneer of Mediterranean village life 
wears thin, the conventional structure of the documentary breaks down. We 
see less of the women and more abstraction, ending with grasping for 
illusive treasures, (illuminated gems native to the beaches of the Amalfi 
Coast, which are created by volcanic heat). The viewer experiences a 
transformation from the lovely fantasy of the foreigner to the difficult 
reality of the immigrant. Beauty recedes to inaccessibility, as their own 
desires and sense of self are called into question, becoming mysterious 
even to themselves. 
