Tamara (2005)

Tamara is a girl who didn't quite fit in. Tamara is constantly picked on 
and when a couple of friends plays a joke on Tamara, it leads to her death. 
The friends bury her tries to make it seem that Tamara ran away. But all is 
not forgotten. Tamara reutrns as a sexy seductress and plans her revenge. 
(due to witchcraft). Well like they say: Karma's a bitch. 
Tamara is the shy, lonely girl who is constantly picked on. But when a 
group of friends plans a to trick Tamara into thinking her teacher, Mr. 
Natolly, has fallen for her, it results in her death. The group makes it 
seem that Tamara ran away. But that's far from the truth. Tamara is back 
and she is mad as hell! One by one, she brutally torments the group. Now 
the only one that stands in her way is Allison Natolly. Her teacher's wife! 
Tamara (Jenna Dewan) is an unattractive and not popular abused girl in a 
high-school. She has a crush on her Literature teacher, Mr. Bill Natolly 
(Matthew Marsden), and she likes witchcraft. When his teacher publishes her 
article about the use of steroids by the high-school athletes in the school 
newspaper expecting to improve her self-esteem, the matter indeed puts the 
students against Tamara. Three classroom mates use three other silly 
students to play a prank with Tamara, but they accidentally kill her. Due 
to a spell, Tamara returns from death and plots a lethal evil revenge 
against the group, and tries to take Bill from his beloved wife, since 
there is a bond between Bill and Tamara due to the witchcraft. 
