Tees Maar Khan (2010)

A stylish Tabrez Khan (Akshay Kumar) is depicted as Tees Maar Khan, a smart 
conman. He proclaims himself as semi-Robin Hood, who steals from the rich 
but does not give it to the poor. His life revolves around robbery and 
frequent visits to jail. Hired by a robbers' duo, the Johari brothers 
(Rajiv and Raghu), he plans to rob a train full of treasures, thus making 
it the greatest phenomenon in his life. On his way, he encounters an 
Oscar-obsessed film star (Akshaye Khanna), a 
seductive-and-desiring-to-be-a-superstar-some-day girlfriend (Katrina Kaif) 
and to accompany him in this heist, an entire village. What follows is a 
brain-less comedy that heralds the Tees Maar Khan's journey through mystics 
of the robbery. 
After being apprehended and held by Interpol in Paris, Tabrez Mirza Khan, 
born from a Bollywood movie-addicted woman, manages to give Agents 
Chatterjee and Mukherjee the slip and returns home to his now widowed 
mother and sweetheart, Anya Khan. He finds out about a treasure-laden train 
and in the company of his entourage, travels to a village named Dhulia, 
where he decides to con the residents into believing that robbing the train 
is part of the filming. He also inducts a prominent Oscar-craving Bollywood 
actor, Aatish Kapoor, to be the lead character in this movie. But his 
venture will run into problems with the entry of his mother,followed 
closely by Agents Chatterjee and Mukherjee, Commissioner Khadak Singh, and 
a headless horseman. 
