The Choke (2006)

A hot young band playing at clubs and raves across the Northwest. Handsome 
lead singer Dylan Brown has a bit of an ego problem, guitarist Mike 
Prichard is a true womanizer, dark and mysterious bassist Beatrice London 
has a death and destruction fetish, and drummer Robert "Nancy Boy" Nancy 
just wants everybody to get along. Nevertheless, one thing is for sure, 
they rock! Unknown to the rest of the band, Dylan and Mike have decided to 
go solo; unfortunately they choose to play their last gig at a rave at the 
notorious Club 905 a performance that will change their lives forever. 
Elliot Brown, Dylan's younger brother, attends to film his rockumentary on 
the band. When club owner Guy Johnson runs out of alcohol he quickly loses 
the crowds. Mysteriously the band finds itself trapped in the cavernous, 
old meat packing plant that is now Club 905, along with Guy's red-hot, 
intriguing girlfriend Star and Dylan's sweetie Vanessa Jones lovingly 
called Jonesy. Tension increases when the mutilated body of a flirty 
groupie turns up in a meat locker and the group realizes they are locked in 
with a vicious killer. Gruesome slaughter, fear and death stalk the band 
and their friends through the labyrinth of rooms and passageways of the old 
building. As secrets are revealed, people turn up dead, bodies disappear, 
and emotions run rampant as everybody turns into a suspect. As the body 
count rises, they must stick together to survive and find a way out. But 
how well can you really know someone? Is it possible that the hard feelings 
among the band have spawned a killer within? Who will live and who will 
die? As the group's bassist London morbidly points out, "The only way to 
become a rock legend is to trash a hotel room or die a violent death." 
