The Canyon Dweller (1912)

James Dickson, miner, worked with his pals at placer mining. He fell in 
love with Jessie Berger, but Jessie never cared for Jim. Her lack of 
affection was more than replaced, however, by the worship of Margie 
Brannon, who loved Jim with all her heart. Margie had often pleaded with 
Jessie not to encourage Jim, but Jessie had promised faithfully. One day 
Bob Wentworth joined the camp, and it was love at first sight between him 
and Jessie, much to Margie's delight. Bob seized Jessie at the stream one 
day, and had carried her over before them all, much to the disgust of Jim 
and the amusement of the others. Charlie Berger, Jessie's brother, a close 
pal of Jim's, did not like the newcomer and told his father so. Old man 
Berger, therefore, kept a close eye on his daughter, and several times, 
when catching her in Bob's company, threatened Bob, and securely locked up 
his daughter. Margie, meantime, watched developments and lost no 
opportunity to throw the couple together. Berger and his son decided that 
they must make way with Bob; so, in company with Jim and several rough 
characters, they hunted for him through the hills. Jessie, hearing through 
Margie of her lover's peril, hurried to him, and together they fled. A 
battle followed when the two factions met in the mountain passes. Margie, 
with gun in hand, watched the combat carefully, and when one husky miner 
drew deliberate aim at Bob, she shot him dead in his tracks. Rushing around 
the face of a giant boulder, Bob and Jessie came face to face with Jim. He 
had the drop on Bob, and with an evil laugh, slowly raised his revolver, 
taking aim at Bob's heart. Margie saw him, a horrible fear seized her, and, 
mastering her emotion, she pointed her gun at Jim and fired the fatal shot, 
which robbed her of all future happiness, but gave a corresponding joy to 
her two friends. 
