The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance (1962)

When Senator Ransom Stoddard returns home to Shinbone for the funeral of 
Tom Doniphon, he recounts to a local newspaper editor the story behind it 
all. He had come to town many years before, a lawyer by profession. The 
stage was robbed on its way in by the local ruffian, Liberty Valance and 
Stoddard has nothing to his name left save a few law books. He gets job in 
the kitchen at the Ericson's restaurant and there meets his future wife 
Hallie. The territory is vying for Statehood and Stoddard is selected as a 
representative over Valance, who continues terrorizing the town. When he 
destroys the local newspaper office and attacks the editor, Stoddard calls 
him out though the conclusion is not quite as straightforward as legend 
would have it. 
Senator Ranse Stoddard returns to the city of Shinbone in the Wild West, to 
go to the funeral of his friend, Tom Doniphon. To a journalist, who's 
wondering what the senator is doing in Shinbone, he tells how his career 
started as "the man who shot Liberty Valance". As a lawyer he came to 
Shinbone to bring law and order to the west by means of law books. When the 
stagecoach is held up by outlaws, he is savagely beaten by Liberty Valance. 
He survives the attack and is nursed by his future wife, Hallie. Hallie is 
being wooed by a local rancher, Tom Doniphon. Ranse teaches the people of 
Shinbone to read and write, all the while trying to find a way of bringing 
Valance to justice. He finally takes up a gun and faces Valance in a 
menacing shootout... 
