The Frighteners (1996)

After a car accident in which his wife, Debra, was killed and he was 
injured, Frank Bannister develops psychic abilities allowing him to see, 
hear, and communicate with ghosts. After losing his wife, he then gave up 
his job as an architect, letting his unfinished "dream house" sit 
incomplete for years, and put these skills to use by befriending a few 
ghosts and getting them to haunt houses in the area to drum up work for his 
ghostbusting business; Then Frank proceeds to "exorcise" the houses for a 
fee. But when he discovers that an entity resembling the Grim Reaper is 
killing people, marking numbers on their forehead beforehand, Frank tries 
to help the people whom the Reaper is after! 
Frank Bannister is a man who goes around town claiming that he can talk 
with and see ghosts, though while he can, some believe (though he is, in 
fact) a common con-man who gets ghosts to make it appear though there is a 
haunting in whichever house is chosen, wherein he sweeps into action and 
pretends to remove the ghosts. All this goes on until one day strange 
deaths start occurring all throughout town and Frank ponders this, while 
his love interest, Lucy Lynskey, whose husband had only just died of the 
same cause, goes to the house of a deranged old woman who keeps her 
grown-up daughter locked up, saying that it is for the good of everyone 
else. Soon, it is revealed that even the ghosts themselves can see the 
force that is killing everyone off; a deceased mass murderer come back from 
Hell itself to continue killing. It is therefore up to Frank, Lucy, as well 
as two ghosts, to find out how to end the fiendish ghost from killing any 
more, while all the while trying to shake off a deranged detective from 
arresting them both. 
After a tragic accident, Frank Bannister uses his new psychic powers to con 
people into "exorcising" their houses. But when an evil spirit appears, 
Frank may be the only one who can stop this "Reaper" that can kill both the 
living and dead. 
