The Hidden Persuaders (2011)

The lead Singer of controversial rock band, Processed Minds, has been found 
dead, apparently electrocuted by his own guitar. Written off as a 
drug-fueled accident, the police are looking at an open and shut case. 
However, a curious reporter's instincts are proved right when a heated 
conversation reveals more questions than answers. Frank Cash must now use 
all of his experience to find out the truth as he delves deeper into this 
world of corruption, murder, sex, drugs and rock & roll. The debut feature 
from director Wayne Dudley is a startling look at contemporary pop culture 
and at the hidden persuaders all around us, dictating what we like, buy and 
consume...whether we realize it or not. 
The lead Singer of controversial rock band, Processed Minds, has been found 
dead, apparently electrocuted by his own guitar. Written off as a 
drug-fueled accident, the police are looking at an open and shut case. 
However, a curious reporter's instincts are proved right when a heated 
conversation reveals more questions than answers. Frank Cash must now use 
all of his experience to find out the truth as he delves deeper into this 
world of corruption, murder, sex, drugs and rock & roll. The debut feature 
from director Wayne Dudley is a startling look at contemporary pop culture 
and at the hidden persuaders all around us, dictating what we like, buy and 
consume...whether we realize it or not. 
The lead singer of controversial rock 'n' roll band, Processed Minds, has 
been found dead, apparently electrocuted by his own guitar. Written off as 
a drug-fueled accident, the police are looking at an open and shut case. 
However, a curious reporter's instincts are proven right when a heated 
conversation reveals more questions than answers. Frank Cash must now use 
all of his experience to find out the truth as he delves deeper into this 
world of corruption, murder, sex, drugs and rock & roll. The debut feature 
from director Wayne Dudley will amaze, shock and intrigue opening your eyes 
to the hidden persuaders all around us, manipulating our minds since the 
dawn of time. 
