Thundering Hoofs (1942)

Bill Underwood (Tim Holt) falls out with his father (Gordon DeMain) and 
chooses the life of a cowhand rather than take charge of his father's stage 
line. He and his pals Smokey Ryan (Ray Whitley) and Whopper Hatch (Lee 
"Lasses" White), on the road to Durango, prevent a holdup of the Kellogg 
Stage Line, which the elder Underwood has being trying to buy. Underwood's 
agent, attorney Steve Farley (Archie Twitchell), has been doublecrossing 
him in the negotiations by misrepresenting the offer. In Durango, Bill 
finds that Farley has been corrupting the stage drivers working for Kellogg 
(Charles Phipps) and his daughter Nancy (Luana Walters.) Using the assumed 
name of Bill Dawson, Bill hires out to drive for the Kelloggs. Farley 
attempts to plant stolen mail with Bill, but Bill and his pals defeat an 
ambush intended as part of the plan, but Farley learns his real identity 
and informs Nancy that he is an Underwood spy. She fires Bill and, in order 
to save a mail contract, intends to drive the stage herself. Knowing that 
Farley's men intend to hold up the stage, Bill and his pals do it 
themselves, but deliver the mail to its intended destination. Mr. Underwood 
comes to Durango to expose Farley's treachery. 
Tim's father wants him to take over the family stageline. Tim only wants to 
ranch, so takes off on his own. He soon finds himself helping a smaller 
stageline that is being plagued by "accidents" and robberies. The owners of 
the line are sure that it's Tim's father behind the trouble. 
