Thunder Town (1946)

Jim Brandon returns from prison having been framed for robbery. At the time 
of the robbery his partner supposedly committed suicide. Jim's first break 
in proving his innocence comes when he finds the fatal bullet does not 
match the weapon that was used. 
In the event that either Warners or Ed Earl Repp might see this film and 
think the plot bordered too closely to 1937's "Empty Holsters" (with Dick 
Foran), director/writer Harry Fraser opted to use the non de plume of James 
Oliver for the writer, thereby, years later, creating a non-existent James 
Oliver (II) for sources who aren't that well versed in the doings of 
B-western film history. This semi-lift has Jim Brandon, paroled from prison 
on a framed charge, back in town and being taunted by Dunc Rankin as being 
yellow. Before Jim can clean the floor with Dunc, Sheriff Matt Warner 
informs him that if he gets into a fight or carries a gun - a holster is 
okay if it is empty - he'll be sent back to jail for keeps. Jim knows that 
the Duncan brothers, Dunc and Bill, framed him on a fake robbery charge and 
also killed his partner Tim Donovan, officially listed as a suicide. Betty 
Morgan, whose guardian is Bill Rankin, really loves Jim and sticks up for 
him, even when Rankin-henchman Chuck Wilson throws him out of the saloon. 
Bill is trying to get Betty to marry his worthless brother Dunc. Jim's pal, 
Utah McGirk, has been working for Rankin as a cook in order to get enough 
money to pay the interest due on the note on Jim's ranch, which Rankin 
wants to grab. Jim and Utah dig a bullet out of the wall in the cabin where 
Donovan supposedly killed himself and now set out to prove that the Rankins 
were responsible. Jim is captured by the gang, and Bill tells Betty that if 
she doesn't marry his brother, she will never see Jim alive again. 
