Tom Atkins Blues (2010)

The Spaetkauf (Late Night Shop) has been at the heart of Berlin Prenzlauer 
Berg and an integral part of people's daily lives for over 13 years. A 
place to meet and hang out, local bar, grapevine, a place to buy anything 
you might need out of hours. A place to forget your worries. Where there is 
always time for the customer. Every night and all day Sunday. With reggae, 
dub & hip hop playing out of the speakers onto the street. Tommy, the 
Englishman, has worked in the Spaetkauf for years, selling the wares and 
dealing with arguing couples, lost tourists, drunken locals, late night 
discussions, participating in heated basketball games, visiting late night 
clubs and suffering hangovers. A kaleidoscope of people offering glimpses 
into their lives, hopes and thoughts, weaving a tapestry of local life. But 
over recent years the neighbourhood has vastly changed. Property 
development, rising rents and the influx of a more affluent class has seen 
a deterioration in the social network, leaving the shop as the only 
reminder of a neighbourhood long gone. Now the supermarket has been 
refurbished and re-opens until midnight every night. With ever dwindling 
regular customers, the takings have plummeted. The shop is being put out of 
business. The decision is made to close. As news spreads, old faces from 
the past appear, not all of them welcome. Tommy recalls the past, portrays 
the present and predicts the future with the friends and customers who pass 
by the shop as they all try to come to terms with the loss of this local 
institution. Tommy is forced to confront and reflect upon the change and 
upheaval in his life as well as facing some difficult home truths. 
