Unitards (2010)

Three odd-ball seniors are charged with the difficult challenge of bringing 
school spirit and unity back to their high school. After considering all 
the usual methods, they finally come up with the idea of creating a men's 
dance/drill team. They employ every possible means to recruit members; they 
shop the stomps, hold auditions, pay, beg, and blackmail until they finally 
pull together an intrepid group of misfits willing to call themselves 
Unitards. The students love the fun, but the coach of the award winning 
girl's drill team is bent on getting rid of them. She makes a plan for 
their demise and succeeds--the Unitards are finished. But the boys make 
their own plan, take over the school, and catch the girl's coach in her own 
snare. 
Lewis Grady just won the student-body elections at Skyline High School and 
Vice Principal Spooner has big plans for the goof-off high school senior. 
Charged with the difficult challenge of bringing school spirit back to 
Skyline, Lewis teams up with his two odd-ball friends to change the school 
forever. And they have the perfect way to do it: a guys-only dance team 
called the Unitards. As Lewis and his friends scrounge up the perfect group 
of misfits to join the revolution, Ms. Zarolla, coach of the school's 
award-winning all-girl drill team, vows to bring the Unitards to an end 
before they embarrass her and ruin the school's reputation. As she makes 
plans to hijack the newly formed dance team, the Unitards make their own 
plans to take over the school once and for all. 
