Van Helsing (2004)

Van Helsing is in the world to rid all evil, even if not everyone agrees 
with him. The Vatican send the monster hunter and his ally, Carl to 
Transylvania. They have been sent to this land to stop the powerful Count 
Dracula. Whilst, here they join forces with a Gypsy Princess called Anna 
Valerious, who is determined to end an ancient curse on her family, by 
destroying the vampire. They just don't know how! 
During the late 19th century, legendary vampire hunter Gabriel Van Helsing 
is a man cursed with a past he cannot recall and driven by a mission he 
cannot deny. Van Helsing finds a land still mired in past, where legendary 
creatures of darkness come to life.  A place ruled over by the evil, 
seductive and unbeatable vampire, Count Dracula. It is Dracula that Van 
Helsing has been sent to terminate. Anna Valerious is one of the last of a 
powerful royal family, now nearly annihilated by Dracula. A fearless hunter 
in her own right, Anna is bent on avenging her ancestors and ending an 
ancient curse by killing the vampire. Joined by a common foe, Van Helsing 
and Anna set out to destroy Dracula along with his empire of fear. But in 
challenging an enemy who never dies, Van Helsing uncovers a secret he never 
imagined and comes face-to-face with the unresolved mysteries of his own 
enshrouded past. 
During the late 19th century, famed monster hunter Dr. Gabriel Van Helsing 
heads to Eastern Europe to battle with Count Dracula, the Wolf Man, and 
Frankenstein's Monster. By his side is the ravishing Anna, a member of a 
family committed to ridding the world of evil. 
Infamous monster hunter Van Helsing, and his priest of a sidekick Carl, 
travel to Transylvania to battle monsters of legend Dracula and brides and 
the Wolfman, and keep the notorious Count from bringing his undead children 
to life, and in so doing, allow the the beautiful Anna, and the rest of the 
family Valerious, to enter the Gates of St. Peter. 
