What's Eating Gilbert Grape (1993)

What's Eating Gibert Grape is a beautifully shot movie of tenderness, 
caring and self-awareness that is set amongst the fictional working class 
one street town Endora. Centred around the Grape family Ellen and Amy and 
their two brothers Arnie and Gilbert, who, along with their morbidly obese 
widowed mother Bonnie Grape are striving to survive and coexist with the 
absence of a father figure, low wage work and seventeen-year-old Arnie's 
severe mental condition. It is in this awkward and extremely one sided 
affair that the unfortunate Gilbert has to constantly, while working for 
the town's slowly dying Convenience Store, take care of his younger brother 
Arnie. Gilbert's life, his future, is thwarted he know this, but it is in 
this Guardian Angel that his love and bond for Arnie cannot, and will not, 
be let go. That is until the free spirit of Becky arrives in town, and with 
her grandmother are stranded for the week while waiting for parts for their 
vehicle. This realization unties new feelings, new thoughts and new hope 
for the put upon Gibert, something new is eating Gilbert Grape. 
Gilbert Grape lives in Endora, a place where nothing much happens. The only 
times the police got something to do is when Gilbert's autistic brother 
Arnie tries to climb up on the watertower nearby. Taking care of Arnie is 
mostly Gilbert's task which can be pretty demanding, at least while you are 
working at the local grocery store. Then one day Becky and her grandmother 
passes through Endora getting trouble with the car. Gilbert falls in love 
with Becky, but gets problems when he tries to find time for his own 
private life. 
