You Were Never Duckier (1948)

In an early example of his greedy side, Daffy Duck is insulted when he 
learns the National Poultry Contest only awards $5 for the best duck, but 
$5,000 for the best rooster. Daffy disguises himself as a rooster and 
decides to enter. However, he attracts the attention not of the judges but 
of Henery Hawk and his father, George K. Chickenhawk. It isn't long before 
the faux rooster is abducted by the hungry chickenhawks, and Daffy pleads 
fruitlessly that he is, in fact, NOT a rooster but a duck. Daffy then 
realizes the contest is about to start, makes a hasty retreat to the 
auditorium and loses both the $5,000 prize and a $5 prize (for the best 
duck) to his predators (who are both disguised appropriately, young Henery 
pretending to be a duck and quacking happily at his small prize). 
Daffy's wanting to win the higher money quantity of $5,000. $4,995 more, 
just after seeing that the prize amount and first place, as best qualified 
duck is only $5. Therefore, Daffy decides to disguise himself and look like 
a real rooster, only to be discovered by Henery Hawk and was almost George 
K. Chickenhawk's and Henery Hawk's dinner! Same story occurred with Bugs 
Bunny in _Rebel Rabbit (1949)_ (qv), where the price on rabbits is only 2 
cents, leading Bugs to breaking numerous laws, until there is a $1,000,000 
(1 million dollar bounty) on him and ends up in jail, as the other cartoon 
was first shown. 
Finding that the prize for best duck at the National Poultry Show is only 
$5.00, but $5,000 for the best rooster, Daffy disguises himself as one, but 
then becomes the object of Henery Hawk's chicken hunt. 
